Caterpillar Enterprise
Purpose & Strategy
Wherever you go in the world, you’ll find Caterpillar products and people working on projects large and small.
That’s because our enterprise purpose is to help our customers build a better, more sustainable world.
We are laser-focused on customer success because when our customers win, our company does, too –
G
& EX ECU T
I
ultimately delivering long-term profitable growth to shareholders. N O
I N
T
A M
Our strategy and everything we do begin with Our Values in Action – Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork,
R O
Commitment and Sustainability. These principles define our company and guide how we conduct ourselves E D
every day. We work hard to help make Caterpillar successful, but we care deeply about how we win. P E
O L
P
Our enterprise strategy for profitable growth means investing in areas with the most potential to create value. E OPERATIONAL A
L R
We use the Operating & Execution Model to make informed investment decisions so we can continue EXCELLENCE
P T
building new products, technologies and services that keep our company relevant. O N
E E
P R
Our strategy for long-term profitable growth is focused on four areas:
S
1. Building on our core competencies of operational excellence — safety, quality, lean, and a competitive
and flexible cost structure — we are positioned to deliver strong operational performance. PROFITABLE
EXPANDED
SERVICES
OFFERINGS GROWTH
2. Creating expanded offerings by understanding our customers’ needs and delivering integrated
and differentiated solutions around the highest priority opportunities. Expanded offerings
include our autonomous machine capabilities, GC lifecycle value products, Titan™ 350 Solar Turbines,
and a host of other offerings.
3. Continuing to execute our services growth strategy, as we strive towards our aspirational target
of $28 billion in ME&T services revenues.* These services take many forms, and all focus on enhancing
SUSTAINABILITY
the customer experience by joining equipment and digital capabilities to optimize their operations.
4. Supporting our customers in reaching their climate-related goals by investing in new products, technologies
and services that promote sustainability while reducing our own greenhouse gas emissions. O C USTOMER S N
U O
R I
At Caterpillar, our goal is not simply to grow the business. We want to profitably grow our business to enable customer T
V C
A A
success, reward our employees and provide our shareholders with attractive returns. We take pride in our 100-year legacy, LUE
S
IN
which calls us to manage our business in ways that create value today and tomorrow.
The next century of progress starts now.
* ME&T Services Revenues include, but are not limited to, aftermarket parts and other service-related revenues and exclude most Financial Products’ revenues,
discontinued products and captive dealer services.
CATERPILLAR INC. 2024 INVESTOR PRESENTATION 3