DTC PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS AND KEY DEFINITIONS
Product offerings
In the U.S., Disney+, ESPN+ and Hulu SVOD Only are each offered as a standalone service or as part
of various multi-product offerings. Hulu Live TV + SVOD includes Disney+ and ESPN+. Disney+ is available
in more than 150 countries and territories outside the U.S. Depending on the market, our services can be
purchased on our websites or through third-party platforms/apps or are available via wholesale
arrangements.
Paid subscribers
Paid subscribers reflect subscribers for which we recognized subscription revenue. Certain product
offerings provide the option for an extra member to be added to an account (extra member add-on).
These extra members are not counted as paid subscribers. Subscribers cease to be a paid subscriber as of
their effective cancellation date or as a result of a failed payment method. Subscribers to multi-product
offerings in the U.S. are counted as a paid subscriber for each of the Company's services included in the
multi-product offering, and subscribers to Hulu Live TV + SVOD are counted as one paid subscriber for
each of the Hulu Live TV + SVOD, Disney+ and ESPN+ services. Subscribers include those who receive an
entitlement to a service through wholesale arrangements, including those for which the service is
available to each subscriber of an existing content distribution tier. When we aggregate the total number
of paid subscribers across our DTC streaming services, we refer to them as paid subscriptions.
International Disney+
International Disney+ includes the Disney+ service outside the U.S. and Canada.
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber
Hulu and ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber is calculated based on the average of
the monthly average paid subscribers for each month in the period. The monthly average paid
subscribers is calculated as the sum of the beginning of the month and end of the month paid subscriber
count, divided by two. Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber is calculated using a daily
average of paid subscribers for the period. Revenue includes subscription fees, advertising (excluding
revenue earned from selling advertising spots to other Company businesses), premium and feature add-
on revenue and extra member add-on revenue but excludes Pay-Per-View revenue. Advertising revenue
generated by content on one DTC streaming service that is accessed through another DTC streaming
service by subscribers to both streaming services is allocated between both streaming services. The
average revenue per paid subscriber is net of discounts on offerings that carry more than one service.
Revenue is allocated to each service based on the relative retail or wholesale price of each service on a
standalone basis. Hulu Live TV + SVOD revenue is allocated to the SVOD services based on the wholesale
price of the Hulu SVOD Only, Disney+ and ESPN+ multi-product offering. In general, wholesale
arrangements have a lower average monthly revenue per paid subscriber than subscribers that we
acquire directly or through third-party platforms.
16