PURPOSE FOR PROGRESS
Impact Report
2024/2025

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 2
Table of Contents
Overview 3
Our Company 4
Highlights 5
CEO letter 6
Select awards and recognition 8
Our Strategic Framework 9
Our approach to sustainability 10
Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 17
Access to Health 18
Discovery and invention 22
Availability 26
Affordability and sustainable access 31
Strengthening health systems and addressing
38
barriers to health care
Ethics & Values 96
Employees 43 About this report
Ethical corporate behavior 97
Global talent management 44 Customer health and safety 101 This is the 2024/2025 Impact Report of Merck & Co.,
Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, which is known as MSD outside
Compensation and benefits 52 Supplier management 107
the United States (U.S.) and Canada.
Global diversity and inclusion 57 Human rights 114
All data is current as of December 31, 2024, unless
Health and safety 62 Privacy and data security 116
otherwise noted. This report includes our voluntary
Government relations 119 disclosures against the sustainability-related reporting
Environmental Sustainability 69
frameworks we’ve prioritized and covers our enterprise-
Reporting indices 122 wide operations from January 1, 2024, to December
Climate, energy and air emissions 70
31, 2024, with some information on activities that
Water 77 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 123
took place in 2025.
Nature and biodiversity 80 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 132
Information on documents filed with the Securities and
Waste 82 UN Global Compact (UNGC) 135
Exchange Commission (SEC), such as our Form 10-K and
Materials 85 UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 136 proxy statement, can be found on our corporate website,
which is intended only for residents of the U.S. and Canada.
Performance summary 90 Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics 137

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 3
Overview
In this section:
Our Company
Highlights
CEO letter
Select awards and recognition
Our Strategic Framework
Our approach to sustainability
Our priority UN Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 4
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our Company
How we operate
We use the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around the world.
Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck, or the Company) is a global health care company that delivers
innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, including biologic therapies,
As a leading biopharmaceutical company, we are at the forefront of scientific research, working vaccines and animal health products. The Company’s operations are principally managed on
tirelessly to provide innovative health solutions to advance the prevention and treatment of a product basis and include two operating segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health.
diseases in both humans and animals.
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products.
Operating responsibly is integral to our strategy and underscores our pledge to foster a safe, Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents,
sustainable and healthy future for communities worldwide. generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. The Company sells
these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers,
hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers, such as health
maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human
health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines.
The Company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers,
distributors and government entities.
The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)/Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosures in
of veterinary pharmaceutical and vaccine products as well as health management solutions
this section:
and services for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major livestock
GRI 2-1 GRI 2-12 GRI 2-13 GRI 2-14 GRI 2-22 GRI 3-1 GRI 3-2 and companion animal species. The Company also offers an extensive suite of digitally
connected identification, traceability and monitoring products. The Company sells its
GRI 3-3 products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our + For more information on our business, please see our Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2025,
on our corporate website.
prioritized frameworks. For more information on our Company, please see our Form 10-K, filed
February 25, 2025, on our corporate website.
More than Annual revenue in 2024: Total R&D expenses in 2024: Worldwide employees:
>450 million $64.2 billion $17.9 billion ~75,000
People reached with our medicines and as of Dec. 31, 2024
vaccines in 2024 (p. 20)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 5
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Highlights Employees
>25,000 >95% >75
Access to Health
Employees are members of at least one of our Employees have been celebrated Countries have access to our global Employee
10 Employee Business Resource Groups—that is for their contributions to our Assistance Program (EAP), providing comprehensive
over 30% of our workforce globally. All employees mission through our global mental health support for our employees and
>450 million
are welcome to join any of our Employee Business recognition program their families
Resource Groups
People reached with our medicines
and vaccines in 2024 (p. 20)
Environmental Sustainability
>247 million
Net-zero 7 400+ 4
People enabled to access
our innovative medicines
We are committed to achieve net-zero target Times since 2017 we’ve been Partnership engagements Virtual Power Purchase
and vaccines through access
greenhouse gas emissions across our global honored as a winner of the Green with suppliers in support of Agreements under contract
solutions in 2024 (p. 31)
operations (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2045, which is Chemistry Challenge Awards, our efforts to reduce GHG to help us reach our renewable
aligned with the guidelines of the Science Based sponsored by the Environmental emissions. Representing energy goal, including one
Targets initiative (SBTi) (p. 71) Protection Agency and/or the ~60% of our Scope 3 new solar facility in Texas that
>66 million
American Chemical Society (p. 89) emissions in 2023 began operation in 2024
People, underserved by health
care, reached through our social
investments (2021-2024) (p. 39)
Ethics & Values
92% 24/7 10 points
Of countries reached globally Availability of our MSDethics.com reporting tool, which allows employees and third parties to raise
Out of 100 allocated to select
with our products in 2024 (p. 27) concerns confidentially and anonymously (where permitted by law) (p. 98)
sustainability metrics specific to Access
to Health and Employees in our 2024
Company Scorecard, which is used to
84% >99% $4 billion
determine the payout of our annual
incentive plan for most employees,
Of the top 20 global burdens Of employees completed our Leading With Spent with small Tier 1 and 2 suppliers
including our executives (p. 10)
of disease addressed by our Ethics & Integrity training series in 2024 (p. 99) globally in 2024, fostering a healthy
pipeline and products (p. 23) supply chain (p. 112)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 6
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Purpose for Progress: Advancing Access to Health,
Operating Responsibly, and Supporting a Sustainable Society
A Message from Rob Davis efforts drive significant and sustainable value. With the goal of making a significant and
It also fortifies our ability to expand access positive impact on people, animals and
Dear Stakeholders, to our medicines and vaccines and enable communities, we’ve continued to execute
a healthier society—regardless of location our strategic priorities, launch important and
At Merck, our purpose is to save and improve
or life circumstance. And it reinforces our transformative products and advance key
the lives of people and animals everywhere.
responsibility to operate sustainably and programs across our robust pipeline. As we
For every one of our company colleagues, this
ethically—prioritizing discovery, operational move through 2025, our Purpose for Progress
is more than a job, it’s a commitment, a calling
and execution excellence. Report shows we are well-positioned to drive
and our ultimate North Star. We are constantly
value to all our stakeholders now and into
reaffirming this commitment to our purpose Thanks to the dedication of our talented global
the future.
and our 130 plus year scientific legacy, as we teams, our momentum continued last year.
discover, develop and deliver breakthrough Throughout 2024, our 75,000 colleagues
Advancing Access to Health
medicines and vaccines to patients, animals and worldwide played a pivotal role in delivering
In 2024, we achieved a significant milestone by
communities in need. novel solutions that addressed some of the
reaching 92% of countries with our medicines
world’s most serious and complex global health
Our core purpose fuels our ability to address and vaccines supply. We know that access is
challenges. We are proud that our medicines
patients’ and animals’ existing needs, anticipate not just about delivering medicines—it’s about
and vaccines reached more than 450 million
their future needs, push the boundaries of ensuring that health systems, affordability and
people around the world.
innovative medicine, and ensure that our innovation work together to drive sustainable
change. Our ability to continue to expand access
in the face of the evolving external landscape
is a testament to the resilience of our people,
our partnerships and our pipeline. In 2024, we
enabled more than 247 million people globally
to access our innovative medicines and
Importantly, we received the Global Citizen
vaccines through access solutions.
Award from International Medical Corps in
We collaborated with governments, global recognition of our decades-long support of
health organizations and communities to global health access and emergency response
remove barriers to care, enable access to last year. By strengthening health systems
our medicines and vaccines and drive long- and creating new pathways for our innovative
term impact. Through our social investments medicines and vaccines, we improve health
and partnerships, we have supported more outcomes while also strengthening our market
than 66 million people who face barriers presence and the support we can provide to
to healthcare. communities everywhere.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 7
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Operating Responsibly in 2024 and engaging more than 400 Tier 1
through 3 suppliers overall. By integrating
Our employees are key to the success of
sustainability into our business strategy, we
our Company. They are integral to how we
enhance operational efficiency, reduce risk
serve our patients, and deliver positive,
across our supply chain and create long-term
impactful and long-lasting outcomes for all
value for our stakeholders. And to ensure
our stakeholders. We make a concerted effort
accountability at every level, our Company
to cultivate a workforce that exhibits ethical
Scorecard directly ties 10 out of 100 points to
leadership and operates responsibly.
select sustainability metrics specific to access
As part of our continued emphasis on ethical to health care, employee engagement, and
leadership, more than 99% of our employees inclusion, reinforcing our belief that sustainability
around the world completed our ethics and drives long-term success.
integrity training in 2024, reinforcing our strong
and enduring culture of trust and responsibility. Purpose for Progress
Our long-standing commitment and focus on
I’m pleased to share that Merck has been named
advancing access to health, operating responsibly
to the U.S. News & World Report’s 2025–2026
and implementing strategies that protect the
Best Companies to Work For list. Additionally,
health of people, animals and the planet is
Merck was ranked #1 on Newsweek’s America’s
unwavering. As we continue to navigate the
Most Responsible Company list.
rapid pace of change happening all around us,
I am proud of the progress we’ve made thus far,
Supporting a Sustainable Society
and I remain optimistic about our future. I believe
We continue to prioritize our focus on
with our purpose as our guide, we can keep
environmental sustainability because we know
identifying and implementing viable, sustainable
how important and intrinsically linked it is to the
and impactful solutions that address some of the
future success of our people, our performance
world’s most serious and complex global health
and our planet.
challenges, while also creating value for our
patients and our stakeholders.
We pledged to achieve net-zero greenhouse
gas emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by
I look forward to our continued commitment
2045, aligning with the Science Based Targets
and contributions that will help make
initiative (SBTi). Our dedication to reducing
our communities, country and the
our environmental footprint has earned us
world a healthier place.
recognition, including being honored with the
Green Chemistry Challenge Award for our Thank you for your trust and partnership.
efforts to develop more sustainable medicines
Very best regards,
seven times since 2017.
In addition to our operations, we continue
to strengthen our responsible sourcing and
support economic inclusion, having spent Rob Davis
$4 billion with small Tier 1 and 2 suppliers Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 8
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Select awards and recognition
Sustainability Corporate Leadership
& Management
Newsweek & Statista Wall Street Journal
Ranked #1 on America’s Most Responsible Ranked #33 on 250 Best-Managed Publicly Traded
Companies list, and #1 in the Health Care and Life U.S. Companies list (2024)
Sciences sector, holding first place for the second
year in a row (2024, 2025)
Fortune
Ranked #68 on 100 Best Companies to Work For®
TIME
list (2024)
Ranked #28 on World’s Most Sustainable
Companies list (2024)
Forbes
Ranked #97 on Best Large Employers list,
JUST Capital/CNBC
out of 700+ companies (2025)
Ranked #41 on America’s Most JUST Companies
list, and #2 in the Pharmaceuticals and Biotech
sector (2025)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 9
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our Strategic Framework
Our Priorities
Demonstrate value to
Invest in, augment,
our stakeholders and Drive innovation and Invest in the growth,
and accelerate our
extend access to productivity enabled success, and well-being
pipeline to deliver
solutions that address by digital and data of our people
Our life-changing products
unmet medical needs
Purpose
Our Ways of Working
We use the power of
leading-edge science to
save and improve lives
around the world
Win as Focus on Act with Experiment, learn Embrace diversity Speak up and be
Our one team what matters urgency and adapt and inclusion open-minded
Aspiration
Our Values
We aspire to be the
premier research-intensive
biopharmaceutical company
Patients First Ethics and Integrity Respect for People Innovation and Scientific Excellence
We operate responsibly every day on behalf of society, shareholders and all our stakeholders to
enable a safe, sustainable and healthy future for people and communities everywhere.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 10
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our approach to sustainability
We are focused on integrating sustainability Our sustainability efforts aim to position us To achieve success, it is essential to engage awarded to most employees of the Company,
throughout our operations to deliver value as a partner of choice within the global health proactively and meaningfully with stakeholders. including the Company's executive officers.
for our business and shareholders and ecosystem to drive environmental and social This engagement is crucial for building lasting In 2024, sustainability metrics comprised
to create opportunities to better serve change, build stakeholder trust, improve our relationships and nurturing collaborative 10% of the Scorecard, thereby connecting the
patients, customers, employees and society. long-term business performance, increase partnerships. It ensures that our strategies compensation of most employees, including
investment flow and to cultivate an inclusive are informed, relevant and aligned with both executives, to our performance in certain areas
The key focus areas of our sustainability
culture where best-in-class talent choose to societal needs and our business objectives. of access to health care, employee engagement
strategy are:
work. This approach also manages risks across and inclusion. We successfully met our annual
We foster accountability for sustainability
• Access to Health—In collaboration with our supply chain and business operations, sustainability metrics in 2024.
through various initiatives, one of which
global health stakeholders, our social increases patient and investor confidence,
is our Company Scorecard. This Scorecard + For more information about our Company
investments aim to advance access to brings in new opportunities with customers
determines the annual cash incentives Scorecard, please see page 53 of our
quality health systems, and we seek to and peers and builds stronger communities.
2025 proxy statement.
ensure that our products are accessible
and affordable worldwide.
• Employees—We recognize that our ability
to excel depends on the integrity, knowledge,
imagination, skill, diversity of thought,
perspectives and experiences, and well-being
of our employees.
• Environmental Sustainability—We strive to
operate our business sustainably, considering
the impact on both the health of our planet
and its inhabitants, while also providing
opportunities for product innovation and
reduction in costs and risks. We have a long
history of environmental stewardship and
compliance, and we continuously evolve
our strategy and efforts in the face of a
changing climate.
• Ethics & Values—Our ethics and values
are at the center of everything we do.
Through our unwavering commitment to
transparency, we are committed to earning
the trust and confidence of our stakeholders.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 11
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Sustainability governance
Governance of environmental
Board of Directors
sustainability
Governance Committee, which monitors functional senior leaders, this Council makes
We are committed to governance policies
and assists the Board in its oversight of recommendations on critical issues and
and practices that serve the interests of our Our Environmental, Health and Safety
sustainability matters, ensures relevant issues monitors performance across regions and
business and shareholders. Our Board of (EHS) Council is a cross-functional body
are subject to review by Board Committees functions, ensuring we effectively navigate
Directors oversees sustainability matters for with leadership representation from each
with relevant areas of competency. the evolving landscape.
the Company through its committees and area of our business and is responsible
as a whole. Our Executive Team and senior for overseeing our environmental
Sustainability Strategy
Management
management are responsible for reviewing, sustainability strategy, policy and
Management Team (SSMT)
refining and implementing our long-term risk mitigation controls. It monitors
The groups below are responsible for directing
sustainability strategy. Through groups such With guidance from SPSC, the SSMT advises, performance against our targets and
the day-to-day supervision of our sustainability
as the Strategic Policy & Sustainability Council, shapes and drives our long-term sustainability increases transparency on environmental
strategy and driving performance:
our senior leaders direct the day-to-day strategy, including providing recommendations issues within the Company, the Executive
supervision of this strategy. regarding business risks and opportunities. Team and the Board.
Strategic Policy &
The role of this group of functional experts
Our Executive Team updates the Board on Sustainability Council (SPSC) is to create long-term value, differentiate The Global Safety and Environment (GSE)
our long-term sustainability strategy and This Council, guided by our Executive us as a leader in sustainability and respond vice president communicates progress
performance through both discussions as a Team, plays a pivotal role in advancing our to stakeholder demands about key issues on environmental sustainability goals,
full Board and through Committee discussions strategy through proactive public policy and across our four focus areas: Access to Health, objectives and other material issues to the
on specific topics. For example, the Board's sustainability efforts. Comprised of cross- Employees, Environmental Sustainability Board, Executive Team and EHS Council.
and Ethics & Values. The SSMT ensures The GSE vice president is also a part of
our strategy and priorities align with and the SPSC. Additionally, the head of the
support our corporate Strategic Framework Environmental Sustainability Center of
to meet our public commitments and Excellence (CoE) is a member of the SSMT.
Corporate governance 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
stakeholder expectations.
Our cross-functional Environmental
Independent directors on the Board 12 12 12 11 12 Sustainability Implementation Steering
Social Impact & Sustainability (SIS)
Committee was designated by the
Board members who are independent 92% 86% 92% 92% 92% This function is responsible for visibility of EHS Council to oversee progress on
sustainability initiatives, including reporting initiatives that support achievement
Separate chairman of the Board and CEO No Yes No No No performance and progress through our annual of our public targets and to provide
Impact Report. This group works across the guidance on resourcing our environmental
Lead independent director Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Company to set public targets that reflect our sustainability strategy.
commitment to responsible business practices,
Note: All figures above are derived from our proxy statement filed the following year and are rounded.
foster collaboration to integrate sustainability + For information on environmental health
principles into our policies and practices, and safety management and governance,
+ For information on our Board’s nomination process and the Board's roles and responsibilities for the
and communicate these commitments please visit the Sustainability Resources
management of and reporting on sustainability topics at the Company, please see our 2025 proxy
to our stakeholders. page on our corporate website.
statement (pages 20-22). For information on how to communicate with the Board, please see page 25
of our proxy statement.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 12
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Impact materiality assessment
We conducted an impact materiality assessment in 2023 to focus, act and report Our approach to sustainability
on the most critical potential business risks and opportunities that influence our
impact materiality assessment
ability to create value. We assessed the external landscape, our business priorities
and the issues critical for our stakeholders and the planet to prioritize the topics that To conduct the assessment, we began with • Management of local impacts
a list of material issues for our industry,
will be managed through our sustainability strategy and related initiatives. We also • Management of the legal and regulatory
including:
environment
conducted impact materiality assessments in 2015, 2018 and 2021.
• Access to health care and medicine
• Natural capital
• Affordability
• Physical and sociopolitical risks
• Air emissions
• Product and service safety and quality
The following topics emerged from our 2023 impact materiality assessment: • Business model resilience
• Product design and lifecycle management
• Climate change risks and management
Access to Health • Public health risks
• Community relations
• Access to health care and medicine (pages 18-42) • Responsible consumption and production
• Competitive behavior
• Equity and affordability (pages 31-42) • Selling practices and product labeling
• Customer practices
• Product safety and quality (pages 101-106, Clinical Trials) • Sourcing efficiency and management
• Customer privacy and data security
• Public health risks (pages 18-42) • Talent management
• Ecological impacts
• Transition to renewables and alternative
• Employee health and safety energies
Employees
• Employee inclusion • Transparency
• Employee diversity and inclusion (pages 57-61)
• Energy management • Waste and hazardous materials management
• Employee health and safety (pages 62-68)
• Ethical corporate behavior • Water and wastewater management
• Talent management (pages 44-51)
• Ethics in R&D
We then partnered with a third party to scan
• GHG emissions competitor, supplier and customer sustainability
Environmental Sustainability
reports and financial communications, as well
• Governance structures and mechanisms
• Climate change risks and management (pages 70-76)
as news sources and mandatory and voluntary
• Human rights
regulations from around the world. We coupled
• Innovation and technology this assessment with surveys to our leaders as
Ethics & Values
well as to investors we engage with regularly on
• Labor practices
• Ethical corporate behavior (pages 97-100, Code of Conduct & Compliance)
sustainability-related topics.
• Privacy and data security (pages 116-118, MSD Privacy)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 13
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our approach to stakeholder engagement
We engage with a wide variety of The groups of stakeholders we regularly engage In addition, we conduct an extensive Employees
with include: shareholder outreach program twice a
stakeholders to gain insights that
year focused on governance, executive We strive to foster a positive and inclusive
can inform our efforts and foster our
Patients and caregivers compensation and sustainability matters. working environment for our employees
progress toward solutions that benefit We believe it is most productive to discuss by providing resources to improve their
society and support our business. For patient communities—which include these matters well in advance of the Annual health and that of their families, as well as
individual patients, their caregivers and family Meeting of Shareholders. This enables opportunities to further their professional
We note many of these engagements
members, patient advocacy leaders and patient management and the Board to gather investor development and get more involved in the
in this report.
organizations—it is critical that we respect perspectives and make educated and deliberate communities where they live.
and honor their life experiences to better decisions that are balanced and appropriate for
As part of our efforts to maintain a satisfying
understand their health care journeys, expected our varied shareholders and in the best interests
and productive work environment, we
outcomes and decision-making considerations. of our Company.
routinely survey employees to learn about
+ For more information on our work with patient + For more information on our engagements their perspectives on the business and on
groups, please see our Patients page, which with shareholders, including topics discussed, how we are responding to the needs of our
includes our Commitment to Patients on our please see our 2025 Proxy Statement global workforce. The Employee Pulse Survey,
corporate website. (pages 24-25). our all-employee engagement survey, is our
flagship employee feedback mechanism and
is conducted multiple times a year.
Shareholders Health care professionals
+ To learn more about our work with employees,
Throughout the year, we regularly engage with We are committed to providing appropriate and please see pages 43-68.
our shareholders and seek to better understand balanced information to physicians and other
their perspectives. health care professionals about our medicines,
Payers
vaccines and ongoing research.
We have a proactive shareholder engagement
program, in which members of Investor + For more information on our work with health We work with payers worldwide to inform their
Relations, the Office of the Secretary, care professionals, please see pages 18-42, and understanding of the relationship between the
Human Resources and the Social Impact for our disclosures on payments to health care prices of our products and the true value they
& Sustainability team, as well as other professionals, please visit the Transparency deliver to patients and health care systems.
subject-matter experts, engage with our Disclosures page on our corporate website.
shareholders to remain well-informed regarding
their perspectives on current issues and to
address any questions or concerns. These
teams serve as liaisons between shareholders,
members of senior management and our Board.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 14
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Governments, multilateral Trade and industry Veterinary professionals Local communities
organizations and regulators associations and animal caretakers
We work toward developing culturally
appropriate mechanisms to engage and build
We work with policymakers, legislators, We engage with stakeholders through our We value our partnerships with veterinary
relationships with local community stakeholders
multilateral organizations and governments membership in numerous organizations. We professionals and animal caretakers as a way to
and non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
worldwide to ensure that policy and regulatory are a member of many industry and trade contribute to the health of the animals in their
We conduct this engagement predominantly
environments globally, nationally and groups. We work with these groups because care with innovative products and solutions
through our philanthropic efforts, which can
locally foster patient access to medicines they represent the pharmaceutical industry for farm and companion animal species. We
be found on the Philanthropy page on our
and vaccines, and that these environments and business community in debates led by regularly communicate and collaborate with our
corporate website.
are conducive to ethical business practices, governments and other stakeholders, and customers and industry leaders in our shared
science and innovation. because they help the industry reach consensus pursuit of improving the health of animals.
on policy issues.
+ For more information on these engagements, + To learn more about our work with
please see pages 119-121. + To learn more about our work with industry veterinarians and animal caretakers,
and trade organizations, please see page 121. please visit the Animal Health website.
Suppliers and business
partners
We encourage responsible approaches on the
part of suppliers regarding labor, employment,
human rights, health and safety, ethics, diversity
and protection of the environment. In addition,
we strive to engage small suppliers.
+ To learn more about our work with suppliers,
please see pages 107-113.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 15
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Sustainability goals and performance
Our goals reflect our public commitments to provide value to society and our business. Employees
In the past year, we have challenged ourselves to make significant progress toward our
Our success is built on a culture of inclusion, recognizing the invaluable contributions of each
ambitious commitments across each of our focus areas: Access to Health, Employees,
individual. We are dedicated to cultivating a workforce that is diverse in backgrounds, experiences
Environmental Sustainability, and Ethics & Values. and perspectives, and that is skilled and engaged—qualities critical to our competitiveness.
Access to health
As a research-intensive biopharmaceutical company, expanding access to health is central to our
Goals 2022 2023 2024
purpose to save and improve lives. We discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines and
vaccines. In collaboration with key stakeholders, we ensure our science advances health care, and our
Maintain or exceed our current
products are accessible and affordable globally. We also apply our expertise and financial resources to
employee engagement index score On track On track On track
address systemic barriers to health access, where we believe we can make the strongest contributions
by 20254
to health systems, communities and patients.
Maintain or exceed our current
On track On track On track
inclusion index score by 20254
Goals 2021 2022 2023 2024 TOTAL
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. Underserved populations
Reach more than 50 million people
are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of
in low- and middle-income countries health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting
and in underserved populations in 15.0 18.6 21.2 11.4 66.2 period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based on reports received between the
1st of March and the last day of February of the corresponding performance year.
high-income countries with our social
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party
investments by 20251 reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period, and/or data that is attributable to other partners as well as
our Company’s philanthropic investment.
² (a) “Countries” are as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.
Reach at least 75% of countries around (b) Reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
79% 76% 79% 92%
the world annually with our products2 ³ The number displayed is for the year 2024 and provides information on the number of additional people who we estimate now have the
option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships. These solutions
include our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations to optimize resources in health systems,
Enable 350 million more people to expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative medicines and vaccines”
refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives implemented and
access our innovative medicines and
66.7 189.2 240.0 247.7 launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics is sourced from publicly available
vaccines globally through access data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies are evaluated and represent our best estimate of
solutions by 20253 people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did
not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.
4 In 2022, we revised employee survey measurements to align with evolving best practices. In this report, 2022 data are used as the
baseline for future comparison.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 16
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Environmental sustainability Ethics & values
We recognize the vital connection between the health of our planet and the well-being of people We are committed to upholding integrity and the highest ethical standards in everything we do.
and animals. We have adopted a set of climate goals to help us succeed in an increasingly resource- We foster a workplace environment where employees can voice their opinions safely and freely. By
constrained world. grounding our operations in our core ethics and values, we cultivate accountability that enhances our
decision-making, adaptability and reliability.
Goals 2022 2023 2024 Goals 2022 2023 2024
Reduce our operational GHG Foster a “Speak Up” culture
9% below 14% below 16% below
emissions (i.e., Scopes 1 & 2) 46% by maintaining or exceeding
baseline baseline baseline
by 2030, from a 2019 baseline1 our current percentage of
global employees responding
On track On track On track
favorably to the “Willingness to
Reduce our value chain (Scope 3)
7% below 9% below 6% below
report” question in an internal
GHG emissions by 30% by 2030,
baseline baseline baseline survey as an annual average,
from a 2019 baseline2
by 20254
Source 100% of our purchased
electricity from renewable sources 45% 57% 61% Maintain 100% compliance to
by 20253 privacy and data protection 100% 100% 100%
regulatory requirements for
compliance compliance compliance
active incident monitoring,
In 2024, we committed to a net-zero target for maintained maintained maintained
risk/harm analysis and on-time
Achieve net-zero greenhouse gas our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our
notification of data breaches5
(GHG) emissions (Scopes 1, 2 & 3) global operations (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2045,
by 2045 aligned with the guidelines of the Science Based
Targets initiative (SBTi).
4 Favorable response indicates the percentage of respondents who respond “yes” to the question stating, “I am willing to report employee
misconduct and potential ethics or compliance issues.
5 Regulatory requirements differ by region.
¹ Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources such as on-site fuel combustion and fleet vehicles. Scope 2
GHG emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy consumed by the reporting company.
² (a) Scope 3 GHG emissions include all other indirect emissions in a company’s value chain.
(b) In 2024, we initiated a work process with our suppliers to collect and report their activity data related to our Scope 3 emissions in
place of our input/output spend modeled data, when available. Our 2019-2024 Scope 3 performance data and goals were updated to
include this data.
³ We have defined “purchased electricity” as electricity sourced from external suppliers as well as renewable electricity that was generated
and utilized on site where we retained the renewable attributes or where we have obtained renewable attributes through contract.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 17
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our priority United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
The United Nations (UN) Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs) represent the
international community's comprehensive
action plan for “people, planet and prosperity.”
The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development,
adopted by all UN Member States in 2015,
serves as a shared framework for fostering
peace and prosperity for both the planet and
its inhabitants, with 17 SDGs at its core.
We recognize our significant role and
responsibility in alleviating the burden of
disease and enhancing access to medicines and
vaccines globally. This commitment is why SDG
3 (Good Health and Well-being) is central to our
business operations, aligning seamlessly with
our mission to save and improve lives.
While every SDG is essential to fostering
sustainable development, we have prioritized
eight goals where we believe we can have the
biggest impact. These are reflected at right.
+ To learn more about how our progress aligns
with the SDGs, please see page 136.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 18
Access to Health
Central to our purpose to save and improve lives is our Topics covered in this section:
commitment to expanding access to health through strengthened
Discovery and invention
health systems and paths to reach more people with our products.
Availability
That commitment is embedded in our business strategies and
Affordability and sustainable access
across functions and geographies.
Strengthening health systems and addressing
barriers to health care
Goals 2024 TOTAL
Reach more than 50 million people in low- and middle-income countries and in underserved populations in
11.4 66.2
high-income countries with our social investments by 20251
Reach at least 75% of countries around the world annually with our products2 92%
Enable 350 million more people to access our innovative medicines and vaccines globally through access
247.7
solutions by 20253
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. Underserved populations are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes
due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or language preference. The goal is cumulative across
the reporting period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based on reports received between the 1st of March and the last day of February of the
corresponding performance year.
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period,
and/or data that is attributable to other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
² (a) “Countries” are as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.
(b) Reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
³ The number displayed is for the year 2024 and provides information on the number of additional people who we estimate now have the option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our
sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships. These solutions include our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations to optimize resources in health
systems, expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative medicines and vaccines” refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable
“more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives implemented and launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics is sourced from
publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies are evaluated and represent our best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and
vaccines. People who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 19
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our approach to access to health
We developed our Statement of Guiding These principles align to our Access to Health
Principles on Access to Health to steer goals (see table above). Progress against
our global approach. We work to: these goals demonstrates our measurable and
meaningful advancements in expanding access.
• Invent medicines and vaccines that address
global health needs where we can have
We collaborate to work with various
the greatest impact (for more information,
stakeholders, including private enterprises,
please see page 22)
government agencies, multilateral and
• Make available a reliable, safe global supply non-governmental organizations, to ensure
of quality medicines and vaccines, and invest our science advances health care. These
in solutions to deliver timely access to our collaborations are a vital part of our efforts
products in a responsible and sustainable to enable health care access that is affordable,
manner (for more information, please efficient and sustainable around the world.
see page 26)
• Develop and implement sustainable
access solutions that address barriers
to affordability and enable more people to
access our products (for more information,
please see page 31)
• Strengthen health systems and reduce
barriers to quality care (for more information,
please see page 38)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 20
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Reaching people with our Enabling sustainable access and
medicines and vaccines strengthening health systems
We reached 92% of countries with our products We also develop, test and implement market-based solutions that address barriers to access,
in 2024. To understand the reach and impact of enabling more people to access our medicines and vaccines. In addition, our social investments
our products, we track and report the number of help to reduce barriers for populations underserved by health care globally.
people reached with our medicines and vaccines.
>450 M >247 M
• Commitment to UNICEF/GAVI • External financing solutions
People reached with our medicines and vaccines in 20241 People enabled to access our
• Customer collaborations • New access channels
innovative medicines and vaccines
through access solutions in 20242
• Commercial channels • Voluntary licensing
>66 M
• Clinical trials • Product donations
• Merck for Mothers • Impact investments
People, underserved by health
• Charitable contributions • Health equity initiatives
care, reached through our social
investments (2021-2024)3,4
1 This people reached metric estimates the number of people who have received a Merck 2 Metrics contributing to this goal are displayed on an annual basis and provide information on the number of people who now have the option to access medicines
& Co., Inc. product through commercial channels, clinical trials, voluntary licensing or and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships, including our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped),
product donations. Product donations include people reached through the MECTIZAN collaborations to optimize resources in health systems, expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative
Donation Program, U.S. Patient Assistance Programs, and the Merck Medical Outreach medicines and vaccines” refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations in initiatives launched in markets as of 2025,
Program. Sources of data are Merck & Co., Inc. and third-party data sets that are tracked in comparison to a 2020 baseline. Evidence for metrics is sourced from the best publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market,
within an enterprise-wide internal database. The people reached metric for all sources all methodologies are evaluated and represent the best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People who were enabled to access
is calculated as doses sold divided by the average dose schedule for a given market in a innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.
given year. People taking multiple products may be counted as multiple people toward 3 Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. “Underserved populations” are defined as those that face
the total estimate. In some instances, this estimate may include people enabled to access health disparities due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or
our products through access solutions, which are calculated as part of our goal to enable language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting period of 2021-2025, and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based
access to our innovative medicines and vaccines (page 31). The people reached metric on reports received between 1 March and 28/29 February of the corresponding performance year.
does not include people reached through social investments, which are calculated as part 4 Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party reports may include cumulative people
of our goal to further advance access to health for populations in LMICs and groups with reached for the reporting period, and/or data that are attributable to other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
limited access to care in high-income countries (page 38).

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 21
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Addressing barriers to care
Policies:
across the Company
Access to health statement of guiding principles
Antimicrobial resistance global action plan
In 2024, we accelerated our efforts to expand We build accountability for access
access to health globally, establishing dedicated improvements into our governance. Our
Access to our vaccines
efforts within our business. Executive Team and senior management
review, refine and implement our long-term Access to investigational medicines
In the U.S., our teams are working to close
sustainability strategy, which includes our
critical gaps in care and to improve patients’ Charitable product donations
approach to global access. Our Strategic Policy
access to timely information and services.
& Sustainability Council (SPSC) provides European Union health technology assessment regulation
This focus extends across our business
oversight to ensure alignment with our
functions, including: medical affairs, corporate strategic objectives. Health technology assessment
affairs, marketing, business strategy, market
research and market access. These teams + For more on the SPSC, please see page 11. Intellectual property
have developed appropriate strategies for
Real-world evidence
relevant therapeutic areas aimed at closing Our commitment to access is also part of our
gaps in care among populations who face high 2024 Company Scorecard and approved by
disease burdens and high barriers to care. the Board of Directors’ Compensation and
Management Development Committee. Our
For low- and middle-income countries (LMICs),
2024 Company Scorecard incorporates certain External charters, principles and initiatives that guide our work in our Access to Health
we have created a dedicated team to drive broad
sustainability metrics, including access to health focus area:
access to our innovative medicines and vaccines
metrics, which directly impact annual incentive
• AMR Industry Alliance: Common Antibiotic Manufacturing Framework
in an economically sustainable way. LMICs are
pay for executives and most employees.
home to 85% of the world’s population, but • AMR Industry Alliance: Industry Roadmap for Progress on Combating AMR
also to 90% of cervical cancer deaths and 80%
• Health for Animals: Antibiotics Commitment
of deaths from non-communicable diseases
• Declaration of Helsinki
like diabetes, heart disease and cancer. We
recognize traditional health care delivery • International Council for Harmonisation: Good Clinical Practice (ICH-GCP)
methods are often insufficient to meet this
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA)
need. There is opportunity to expand health
Code of Practice
care access in LMICs through rapid economic
• The Kigali Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases
development, digital enablement and increased
public and private health spending. • U.S. National Academy of Sciences: Guidelines for Human Embryonic Stem Cell Research
+ Read more about these efforts on page 38.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 22
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Discovery and invention
We invent medicines and vaccines to address vital global health needs where
we can have the greatest impact.
$17.9 billion 84%
As part of our R&D efforts, we collaborate with academic institutions,
In total R&D expenses Of the top 20 global burdens of
non-profit organizations, government entities, and other biopharmaceutical
disease (GBD) addressed by our
and biotechnology companies to help us further the latest science and bring
pipeline and products
leading-edge medicines and vaccines to patients.
Clinical trials are a critical part of how we advance those scientific innovations.
We are committed to generating data that appropriately represent the
population of patients our medicines and vaccines are designed to help
and protect.
We evaluate our pipeline candidates’ potential to address unmet medical
needs and significant public health challenges. With our enterprise go-to-
market model, when a candidate demonstrates such potential, our product
development teams identify strategies to provide access to as many people 75 >100,000
across the globe as possible in an economically sustainable manner.
Significant external R&D licenses People reached through clinical
and collaborations trials in 65 countries
Finally, once approved, we strive to ensure our products are available
in every country where we conducted clinical trials.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our + For more information on our R&D efforts, please visit the Research & Products page
prioritized frameworks. on our corporate website.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 23
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Reflecting global health
Research and development 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
care needs in R&D Research and development expenses
$13.4 $12.2 $13.5 $30.5 $17.9
(in billions)¹
Top 20 global burdens of diseases
88% 71% 83% 83% 84%
As defined by the global burden of disease events. We are conducting Phase 3 studies addressed by our products and pipeline²
(GBD) tools developed by the Institute for evaluating our PCSK9 inhibitor, including
Established significant external licenses and
Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME), our for its potential to reduce cholesterol and 123 92 97 76 75
collaborations³
products address diseases that rank high improve cardiovascular outcomes.
on the list of worldwide causes of illness, ¹ (a) R&D expenses in 2020, 2021, 2023 and 2024 include charges of $2.7 billion, $1.7 billion, $17.1 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively,
disabilities and death. In addition, our vaccine R&D collaborations for certain business development transactions including acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements. R&D expenses in 2022
include $1.7 billion of intangible asset impairment charges.
and infectious disease research targets
(b) The historical results of the businesses that contributed to Organon & Co. in the 2021 spin-off have been reflected as discontinued
major burdens of disease, including in LMICs, In 2024, we entered into 75 significant external operations in the Company’s consolidated financial statements through the date of the spin-off and therefore are excluded from the
where health care infrastructure may be licenses, collaborations and acquisitions with 2020 and 2021 figures presented.
resource-constrained. a broad range of organizations, from early- ² All calculations for our Company’s GBD impact are based on the latest IHME report available. Note that we do not include road injuries in
our GBD accounting since they are not subject to pharmaceutical intervention.
stage science to clinical-stage programs.
We strive to discover treatments for diseases ³ These partnerships are deemed “significant” because they involve an asset or technology with the potential to make an important
These collaborations are deemed “significant” enhancement to our R&D capabilities.
that affect people across a breadth of countries.
because they involve an asset or technology
Including our pipeline, the products we market
with the potential to enhance our R&D
and our external collaborations, we are seeking
capabilities or portfolio.
to address 84% of the top 20 GBD (road injuries
are excluded from our calculation) as defined
A breakthrough oral cholera vaccine through our Hilleman
by the IHME. R&D investments and
Laboratories collaboration
One example is our research on cardiovascular collaborations for diseases
disease, which the World Health Organization
Our LMIC-focused R&D joint venture with the Wellcome Trust, Hilleman Laboratories,
impacting LMICs
(WHO) identifies as the world’s leading cause of
celebrated the launch of HILLCHOL in 2024. HILLCHOL, a new oral cholera vaccine, is
death. More than 60 years ago, we introduced
the result of a partnership between Hilleman Laboratories and Bharat Biotech. Hilleman
We have a strong legacy of infectious disease
our first cardiovascular therapy, and our efforts
Laboratories developed the vaccine through Phase 2 clinical research before transferring
research, including for diseases that greatly
to understand and treat cardiovascular-related
it to Bharat Biotech. Bharat intends to pursue pre-qualification from WHO for HILLCHOL,
impact people in LMICs like tuberculosis (TB),
disorders have continued, including with our
enabling wider distribution globally. The WHO estimates there are 1.3 million to 4
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and
investigational, once-daily oral proprotein
million cases of cholera each year, with increased prevalence in part due to changing
river blindness.
convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)
climate patterns.
inhibitor, currently being evaluated in adults
In 2022, we entered into a licensing agreement
with hypercholesterolemia. Despite the
with the Gates Medical Research Institute
invention of several well-established lipid-
(Gates MRI) for our discovery of two preclinical
lowering therapies, millions of people globally
candidates for treating TB, which the WHO
do not achieve their desired low-density
believes is the leading cause of death globally
lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol treatment
from an infectious agent. Our scientists
goals, leaving them at risk for cardiac
discovered the compounds with support

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 24
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
from the Gates Foundation as part of the
TB Drug Accelerator (TBDA), a collaboration
among biopharmaceutical companies, research New formulations Our early commitment
organizations and universities to accelerate to global supply and access
new TB therapies. The licensing agreement Innovation goes beyond new treatments and can often be key to expanding access.
in RSV
with Gates MRI is an example of collaboration For example, the development of new formulations can broaden distribution of medicines
that can expedite drug candidates into novel and vaccines, including in resource-constrained health systems. Or, they can help treat
RSV is a contagious, widespread
combination TB regimens. Of note, one of those earlier-stage diseases where health and economic impacts may be improved.
seasonal infection. Globally, RSV is
candidates, MK-7762, is currently in Phase 1
the leading cause of hospitalization
With a focus on reducing pill burden by investigating the potential to provide long-acting
clinical trials.
for healthy infants under a year old,
options to enhance the patient experience, we strive to deliver options that increase the
and a major cause of death in LMICs.
When it comes to HIV, while the world has made ease of administering treatments, too. For example, in HIV, we are researching long-
RSV can lead to serious respiratory
tremendous progress, according to the 2024 acting medications designed to reduce the frequency of administration, which may benefit
conditions like bronchiolitis and
Global AIDS Update from UNAIDS, an estimated patients and resource-constrained health systems. We’re also investigating a potential
pneumonia. In June 2025, the
39.9 million people were living with HIV and subcutaneous administration of pembrolizumab with berahyaluronidase-alfa, which has
FDA approved our long-acting
1.3 million people acquired HIV in 2023. the potential to improve the patient experience as well as increase access for patients
monoclonal antibody ENFLONSIA
and health care providers compared to intravenous administration.
For more than 35 years, we have engaged for the prevention of RSV lower
in R&D efforts that have led to significant In addition, we are collaborating on a potential new treatment option for malaria, an respiratory disease in newborns
discoveries and transformed outcomes for infection that disproportionately affects the WHO African Region with about 94% of all and infants who are born during
people living with HIV. We continue to invest malaria cases globally and 95% of deaths. Sadly, the WHO notes that in 2023, children or entering their first RSV season.
in the discovery and development of innovative under 5 made up 76% of malaria deaths in the region. Importantly, there is also an alarming
Since our discovery of clesrovimab,
HIV treatment and prevention options that rise in resistance to existing malaria treatments. Our new antimalarial drug candidate,
our goal has been to facilitate
support global efforts to reduce the incidence MK-7602, discovered through our longstanding collaboration with the Walter and Eliza
global access to this intervention,
and burden of the virus. Our broad HIV pipeline Hall Institute and with funding from the Wellcome Trust, completed Phase 1a studies and
especially since an estimated 95% of
includes a Phase 3 development program with is being assessed in a human challenge study in Australia.
RSV infections and more than 97%
a novel antiviral, islatravir, in a new once-daily,
of RSV-related deaths globally occur
two-drug regimen with doravirine. As part of an
in resource-limited countries. We are
agreement with Gilead Sciences, we also have
diligently developing our regulatory
an additional Phase 3 program evaluating an
and access strategies, as well as our
investigational, once-weekly oral combination
supply chain, to be fit-for-purpose
treatment consisting of our antiviral islatravir
for LMICs by using diversified
and Gilead’s lenacapavir. If approved, it would
internal investments and external
be the first long-acting oral combination option
partnerships. We are working
for the treatment of adults with virologically
with urgency to submit licensure
suppressed HIV infection. Finally, we are
applications to address unmet
studying MK-8527, a potential once-monthly
needs for RSV prevention globally.
oral option to prevent new HIV infections.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 25
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Systematic Improving representation in clinical trials
evaluation to
In 2024: Equitable Breakthroughs in Medicine In addition, we have developed tools to reach
Development (EQBMED), an initiative that study participants within their communities,
inform product • 339 late-stage studies, across
links sponsor companies and local, community- such as our partnership with Acclinate, a leading
• 23,590 sites in >65 countries, and
based clinical trial sites. In 2024, we also organization focused on increasing awareness
access strategies • >100,000 people reached in clinical trials supported the Association of Clinical Research of clinical trials. We also implement novel tools
Professionals' training for about 75 clinical and approaches to build relationships and reach
Clinical trials are critical to advancing scientific
research professionals at trial sites in the U.S., potential study participants, such as through
innovations and to evaluating if drugs and
In 2024, we incorporated our enterprise go-to- Puerto Rico and Latin America. AI vendors that can support clinical trial sites
vaccines are safe and effective. We are
market model across a significant number of with review of medical records to help match
determined to expand access to our trials— We’re also working to ease logistical barriers
our pipeline programs as part of assessing their potential patients to trials.
including through increased representation that make it difficult for some patients to
potential to address public health burdens and
among trial participants. visit clinical trial sites. For example, we’re Finally, consistent with the International
unmet medical needs, particularly in LMICs.
collaborating with Greenphire, a provider of Conference on Harmonisation: Good Clinical
Increasing the representation of participants
The insights from our assessment inform our global financial lifecycle management solutions Practice (ICH-GCP) requirements, as part of
in clinical trials requires a comprehensive
product development and access strategies, for clinical trials. The organization’s ClinCard the informed consent process, we make clinical
approach, which is why we are addressing
with a focus on expanding the availability of debit card provides direct stipends and travel trial participants aware of the compensation
a variety of associated factors.
our medicines and vaccines in an economically reimbursement or logistical support for clinical or treatment available to them and whom to
sustainable manner. Key to our model is trial participants. Another collaborator is contact in the event of a treatment-related
For late-stage trials, we require plans to recruit
the early identification of specific access Unite Us, which connects trial participants to injury. In addition, we maintain procedures
patients who reflect the broad populations of
requirements for different market segments. community resources that can help overcome that address the costs of treatment in the
people who will use our products. We include
By using tailored strategies to address access barriers to clinical trial participation. event of trial-related injuries, in accordance
placement of U.S. study sites in communities
barriers, we aim to maximize our products’ with applicable regulatory requirements.
with higher populations of individuals who
reach while strengthening health systems.
have historically not participated in clinical
trials. Further, we established a community
Following a product’s approval, we continuously
advisory panel to gain firsthand insights
reassess its potential to address disease,
and to incorporate the voice of community
enabling us to adapt to changes in the external
members and patients in our approaches to
environment and to fulfill our mission to help
enrollment. Similarly, we’ve established a new
as many people as possible.
role—research navigator—at a community site
network and at four academic medical centers
in the U.S. to aid in clinical trial awareness and
building trust in the community.
Collaboration is a vital part of improving
representation in our clinical trials, which is
why we actively contribute to sponsorships
that connect, support and train clinicians.
For example, we are proud to help sponsor

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 26
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Availability
We are committed to a comprehensive supply chain management strategy that
ensures our products are available to patients around the world. Our supply
chain addresses accessibility, agility, resilience, capability and sustainability
on a global scale.
In 2024, we achieved a significant milestone by reaching 92% of countries with
our medicines and vaccines supply, an increase from 79% in 2023 and greatly
surpassing our goal of 75%. This achievement is largely attributed to improved
data capture through updated processes, which now include previously
unreported markets, allowing us to better identify and address gaps in supply.
This marks the fifth consecutive year we’ve exceeded our Availability goal,
reflecting our unwavering commitment to ensuring our life-saving products
reach people when and where they need them.
Goal 2024
Reach at least 75% of countries around the world annually
92%
with our products¹
¹ (a) “Countries” are as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.
(b) Reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1 SASB 240a.2
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 27
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
As part of our ongoing commitment to ensure our products are available to those who need them, Availability 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
when they need them, we have set a line-item fill rate target of 95%. In 2024, we continued to
exceed expectations, achieving an outstanding 99% line-item fill rate, meaning 99% of orders Countries around the world reached with our products¹ 78% 79% 76% 79% 92%
shipped on time and in full. This metric is a key indicator of our ability to fulfill customer orders
completely and on time. Orders shipped on time and in full 98% 98% 98% 98% 99%
¹ (a) Increase reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
(b) Countries as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 28
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Registering medicines and vaccines where there is need
Product registration Number of
Products prequalified
Date of countries
and prequalification by WHO International nonproprietary name (INN) prequalification prequalified in 2024
We seek to ensure global access to our Vaccines
medicines and vaccines by maintaining up-to-
M-M-R®II Measles, Mumps, Rubella Virus Vaccine Live January 2009 71
date product registrations around the globe. In
2024, we registered 213 products and devices,
ROTATEQ® Rotavirus Vaccine, Live, Oral, Pentavalent October 2008 105
with most of these in low- and middle-income
countries (LMICs) in the Asia Pacific, Central
GARDASIL® Human papillomavirus vaccine [types 6, 11, 16, 18] (recombinant, adsorbed) May 2009 124
and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa,
and Americas regions. GARDASIL® 9 Human papillomavirus 9-valent vaccine (recombinant, adsorbed)¹ February 2018 97
In addition to having our medicines and vaccines
VARIVAX® Varicella Virus Vaccine Live (first varicella vaccine to receive WHO prequalification) February 2018 87
approved by regulatory authorities, we also
pursue World Health Organization (WHO) ERVEBO® Ebola Zaire Vaccine, Live November 2019 46
prequalification for certain medicines and
vaccines so they can be more easily procured HIV/AIDS treatments
by and distributed to LMICs. The table to the
Efavirenz (600 mg tablet, Oral Solution 30 mg) May 2006,
right summarizes the registration and WHO
STOCRIN® 43
prequalification status of a select list of our Efavirenz (50 mg tablet, 200 mg tablet)² May 2008
medicines and vaccines.
¹ Not currently available through UNICEF procurement; awaiting vaccine vial monitors (VVM).
The WHO prequalification program helps ² MSD withdrew the WHO prequalification in September 2024.
ensure that products meet quality standards,
and helps United Nations agencies procure
Product registration 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
safe and effective products for LMICs.
WHO’s prequalification program covers Annual product registrations¹ 79 141 156 159 213
routine vaccines and medicines for a wide
range of clinical areas critical to patients in Products that have WHO prequalification status² 13 7 7 7 6
low-resource settings, such as HIV/AIDS,
malaria, TB, hepatitis, diarrheal diseases Patent applications filed in low-income countries³ 0 0 0 0 0
and select neglected tropical diseases.
¹ Data include new products and new indications.
² (a) Three products previously reported are no longer part of the Company’s product portfolio due to the Organon & Co. spin-off in 2021.
(b) Three GARDASIL® products that had been previously reported separately are reported as one product starting in 2021.
³ Countries classified as low-income countries in the 2023 World Bank Country and Lending Group classifications.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 29
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Manufacturing and supplying vaccines
We have specific strategies in place to enhance the availability of vaccines.
In the last few years, various countries have introduced new or expanded routine vaccination
programs, creating unprecedented increases in global vaccine demand. To meet this, we continue
to expand our capacity and supply capabilities. We plan to invest approximately $20 billion from
2024-2028 in supply-related capital projects, including expanding manufacturing capacity, with a
portion dedicated to vaccines. We also continue to invest in manufacturing and end-to-end supply
improvements to help ensure a sustainable, reliable supply of quality vaccines.
Enhancing data and decision-making
for inventory planning
We recognize the importance of integrated access planning, data and decision-making
throughout the supply chain. A coordinated approach ensures the availability of products
through streamlined processes, which in turn fosters efficiency and responsiveness to global
health challenges.
To improve efficiency and responsiveness, we have developed new methodologies that model
demand and capacity. These approaches help us navigate supply chain complexities with
strategic foresight and acumen, setting the stage for further supply chain advancements to
meet patient demand.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 30
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Supply chain strategy: Expanding availability
Our supply chain strategy includes levers to Using innovative models despite challenges such as geopolitical events,
help expand the availability of our medicines natural disasters or pandemics. From rerouting
to lower costs
and vaccines globally, including increasing Thanks to our partnership with shipments to deploying agile cold-chain
local manufacturing capacity, implementing Instituto Butantan—a nonprofit technologies, our supply chain’s strength
We continuously strive for product
innovative product optimization models and producer of immunobiologic lies in its ability to adapt quickly and ensure
optimization or find new ways to reduce
improving supply chain resilience through products for Brazil—we are fostering uninterrupted delivery of critical medicines
manufacturing costs while maintaining quality
digital capabilities. local innovation and technical and vaccines. These efforts are supported by
and improving availability. One example is our
knowledge that will enable the our robust digital capabilities, which provide
development of a GARDASIL® 9 multi-dose
Increasing capacity with organization to produce HPV real-time insights into product flow and
vial. This innovation reduces production costs
vaccines and hepatitis A vaccines improve responsiveness.
local manufacturing while optimizing manufacturing capacity,
for Brazilians. Part of a long-term
allowing us to meet the growing demand Digital innovation is critical for both security
agreement to supply the vaccines
Our approach focuses on bringing for vaccines in LMICs. and resilience in our supply chain. Through
to the Brazilian government while
manufacturing and distribution closer to inventive digital capabilities, such as blockchain
working toward a transfer, the
Through supply chain redesign, we are
demand centers. This strategy enhances supply and serialization, we continue to improve
progress toward local manufacturing
addressing accessibility challenges for
chain efficiency, improves on-time delivery and our Patient Access Programs in the Asia
has allowed the country to
infectious diseases prevalent in LMICs. For
contributes to reducing carbon emissions. Pacific region. This initiative aims to enhance
increase availability.
example, in partnership with Hilleman Labs,
access to our oncology portfolio by ensuring
We have several collaborations with producers we are developing a more thermostable and
To date, vaccines we produced as product security and compliance with health
to transfer our technical expertise for local cost-effective formulation of our ERVEBO®
part of the Butantan partnership authorities’ requirements.
manufacturing. These collaborations also (Ebola Zaire Vaccine, Live) vaccine for
have reached more than 5,600
empower local economies by creating jobs and Zaire ebolavirus. These advancements We also continue to enhance traceability,
Brazilian municipalities with more
ensuring the availability of critical medicines enable distribution in challenging storage security and efficiency for our products. Our
than 80 million doses of HPV
and vaccines. For example, in alignment with conditions and reflect our commitment to digital tools seamlessly track our medicines and
vaccines and 36 million doses
the HPV National Immunization Program delivering health solutions to populations vaccines, preventing disruptions while ensuring
of hepatitis A vaccines.
in Indonesia, in 2022, we entered a pivotal who can benefit. product integrity and compliance with health
partnership with state-owned manufacturer authorities. These innovations are a testament
Bio Farma to transfer technology for our From challenges to to our use of technology to improve the reach
4-valent HPV vaccine. By establishing local and reliability of our supply chain.
solutions with digital tools
manufacturing capabilities, we enhanced
Together, these strategies demonstrate how we
distribution of the vaccine in Indonesia. The
Our focus on resilience ensures our are reimagining the supply chain to drive access
partnership’s increased capacity is projected
manufacturing is ready to respond to to our products.
to yield an additional 10 million doses of HPV
those in need during crises. By proactively
vaccines in Indonesia in 2025, which is critical
identifying risks and implementing mitigation
given the high prevalence of certain HPV-
strategies, we maintain continuous supply
related cervical cancer in the country.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 31
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Affordability and
Having exceeded our initial goal in 2023, we have now set a new goal to enable 350 million
more people globally to access our innovative medicines and vaccines by 2025—and we
sustainable access are well on our way. To reach this goal, we are building health care capacity, strengthening
channels for care delivery and fostering sustainable financing.
+ For more information on how these solutions are improving affordability, please see “How
we enable affordability and sustainable access to our innovative medicines and vaccines”
on page 32.
Inspired by our former CEO, George W. Merck, who once said, “We can never
rest until a way has been found to bring our finest achievements to everyone,”
we are working toward a world where everyone, everywhere, can receive Enabling access to our medicines
the medicines or vaccines they need, when they need them. In addition to and vaccines (millions) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
strengthening the availability of our products through supply chain innovations
Enable 350 million more people to access
and other initiatives, we strive to create sustainable access to our innovative our innovative medicines and vaccines NR 66.7 189.2 240.0 247.7
globally through access solutions by 2025.¹
products by addressing affordability and other barriers to care.
People reached globally through
Grounded in a deliberate, systematic approach, Merck develops, tests and
product donation and patient assistance
268.3 197.3 359.2 385.2 292.2
implements market-based solutions that allow us to serve the greatest number programs and partnerships (estimate
includes Mectizan).²
of patients today, while meeting the needs of patients in the future. Where
appropriate, we pursue these solutions in collaboration with private enterprises, NR: Not Reported.
¹ Metrics contributing to this goal are displayed on an annual basis and provide information on the number of people who
government agencies, multilateral and non-governmental organizations. When
we estimate now have the option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access solutions. These
solutions include our supply commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations aimed at
market-based affordability solutions are inadequate or unavailable, we pursue
increasing the capacity of hospital systems for cancer diagnosis and care innovative insurance solutions, and expanding
programs to provide direct access to our medicines and vaccines, including channels through which people can access vaccines through local organizations. “Innovative medicines and vaccines”
refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives
product donations and patient assistance programs. implemented and launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics
is sourced from publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies
are evaluated and represent our best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People
who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines
and vaccines.
² Includes people reached through the MECTIZAN Donation Program, the MMOP, and the U.S. Patient Assistance
Program. Total people reached with the MECTIZAN Donation Program increased in 2023 as partner countries
continued to resume additional MECTIZAN distribution following disruptions due to the pandemic. Total people
reached with the U.S. Patient Assistance Program fluctuate annually due to variations in the products offered and shifts
within the healthcare landscape. For more information on the details related to the people reached through donations,
please see page 36.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 32
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
How we enable sustainable access to our innovative
medicines and vaccines
We strive to find sustainable, impactful care and service providers across Europe, Financing health care By expanding the reach of insurance solutions,
solutions to expand access to our innovative Latin America and Asia to identify barriers and we aim to remove financial barriers for patients.
medicines and vaccines. We remain committed develop innovative solutions that enhance One of the most persistent barriers to This collaborative approach underscores our
to our goal to enable 350 million more people to the efficiency and sustainability of health treatment in low- and middle-income commitment to shaping a more inclusive health
access our innovative medicines and vaccines care systems. countries (LMICs) is the high out-of-pocket care ecosystem—one that leverages cross-
through access solutions by 2025. In 2024, we cost for critical illnesses, limiting patient sector collaborations to create sustainable,
Using our expertise in oncology and our
made steady progress, enabling access for more access to life-saving therapies. In addition long-term access and affordability solutions
comprehensive understanding of the wider
than 247 million people (see page 31). to our extensive philanthropic actions and at every level of our business.
health care ecosystem, we engage in non-
partnerships, we also work with reinsurers
Our Sustainable Access Solutions (SAS) team promotional collaborations with providers An example of our action in this area is
and insurance providers to design innovative,
is dedicated to accelerating access by evolving to analyze and address constraints in cancer our current work in China, where we are
affordable health insurance solutions that
our capabilities, creating globally available patient pathways. Our goal is to enable collaborating with public health authorities
expand coverage and affordability for cutting-
frameworks and capturing learnings across greater access to care and optimize resource to offer immunotherapy financing through
edge cancer treatments.
countries. This team also advocates for greater use, making a difference for people and supplemental medical insurance, driving
stakeholder collaboration that enables us to patients worldwide. greater health care inclusion.
develop, test and scale innovative solutions
A prime example of our work in sustainable
for today and into the future. Through
access solutions is currently underway in
innovative partnerships with a broad range
France. We entered into 16 collaborations aimed
of cross-industry partners, we also ideate
at optimizing cancer treatment pathways, with
new ways to enable patient access—working
a particular emphasis on enhancing capacity
with health authorities, employers, insurers,
for infusion treatments, for example, through
non-governmental, community-based and
an increase in scheduling capacity. This is not
advocacy organizations on creative, tailored
only increasing activity and streamlining patient
solutions to recurring health care barriers.
flow within the infusion unit, but also enhancing
the overall experience for patients.
Driving health care
In Canada, we engaged in 13 collaborations
innovation through
supporting institutions in pathway
customer collaborations optimization, focusing on reducing time to
diagnosis and time to treatment for lung cancer
Many health care systems face significant across five provinces in the country. We also
challenges, including long wait times and expanded collaborations in five countries in mid-
capacity constraints that hinder timely Europe to identify bottlenecks and reduce time
diagnosis and treatment. In response to to diagnosis in lung cancer pathways.
these issues, we collaborate with health

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 33
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Empowering employers America to support employees by promoting Our commitment to UNICEF, a member of Gavi’s Board, is the
awareness and providing cancer prevention world’s largest buyer of vaccines for low-
to advance access Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance
solutions, particularly when it comes to cervical income countries and plays a pivotal role in
cancer. By encouraging companies to go beyond (Gavi) and UNICEF to immunization programs in Gavi-supported
We recognize employers play a crucial role
cancer care to focus on cancer prevention, we countries. UNICEF’s Supply Division procures
in fostering a healthy workplace, not only in supply low- and middle-
are not only championing better conditions most Gavi-funded vaccines, ensuring
maintaining healthy physical environments,
for professionals dealing with cancer, but their distribution.
income countries
but also the promotion of health, empowerment,
also actively working to prevent it.
education and self-care among employees for For example, to increase access to GARDASIL,
We are deeply committed to expanding
their well-being. which helps prevent certain HPV-related
New community-level access to vaccines and working with UNICEF to
cancers and diseases, we offer the vaccine to
One example of this work is our commitment procure affordable vaccines for Gavi-supported
access channels countries supported by Gavi at an access price.
to driving workplace action for cancer care countries. Gavi is a global public-private
Through a long-term agreement with UNICEF,
and prevention. As a founding partner of the partnership that has made significant strides
We continuously seek to forge strategic we have committed to provide over 115 million
Working with Cancer Pledge since 2023, Merck in immunizing children and reducing child
partnerships with health care professionals doses of our HPV vaccine for use in Gavi-
is dedicated to supporting professionals as they mortality in LMICs. Gavi also provides funding
who have the potential to enhance awareness, supported countries from 2021-2025.
navigate a cancer diagnosis and to breaking the support for health systems and global stockpiles
accessibility and affordability of our products.
stigma associated with cancer in the workplace. of crucial vaccines for Ebola, cholera, meningitis In addition, for 2021-2025, we committed
These partnerships support populations
In 2025, on World Cancer Day, we announced and yellow fever. to extend our current Gavi access price for
who traditionally have been unable to
our commitment to further enhance support GARDASIL to Gavi-transitioned countries
access innovative medicines and vaccines.
for employees by facilitating access to WHO- with a per-capita gross national income not
recommended cancer screenings. For example, we collaborate with a health exceeding $3,200. This greatly assists in
care provider who operates across nine expanding and sustaining access in middle-
Throughout 2024, we led by example and
African countries to reimagine the prevention, income countries that have transitioned out of
ensured our impact extended beyond our
screening and treatment of cervical cancer. Gavi support. We believe our pricing approach
Company. We collaborated with companies
for Gavi-supported and transitioned countries—
across Europe, the Middle East and Latin
in conjunction with our commitment to partner
with stakeholders to strengthen resilience
of immunization programs—contributes to
broader access to our vaccines worldwide.
ERVEBO® is the world’s first U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA)-approved, WHO-
prequalified vaccine for the prevention of Zaire
We are a sponsor of Investing in Innovation (i3), a pan-African initiative to support the Ebolavirus disease. Through our agreement
commercialization and impact of 60 promising early- and growth-stage African health
with UNICEF, we have built an estimated
innovator companies. A global network of industry players, donors and international
500,000-dose ERVEBO stockpile, and we
organizations sponsors the initiative to support high-potential startups who aspire to
continue delivering licensed doses to maintain
transform the accessibility, affordability, quality and visibility of health products at scale
it. As of March 2025, the vaccine is approved
across Africa. i3 seeks to advance market access for startups traditionally excluded
in 11 African countries.
from funding and support.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 34
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our pricing approach Voluntary licensing
We believe it is possible to have a pricing possible. While each situation varies based on We have experience working with generic • We allocated up to 3 million courses of our
system that allows patients to access the unique circumstances and market dynamics, manufacturers on global health concerns. Over medicine to UNICEF for LMICs as a “bridge
latest products while sustaining leading- generally we consider: the last several years, we put this experience strategy” until the voluntary licensees were
edge scientific research for future medical to work addressing COVID-19 globally. From ready. This access solution represented
• Value to patients
innovations. We have a long history of making the early days of COVID-19, and continuing approximately 30% of our initial global supply
• Value to health care systems
our medicines and vaccines affordable through through 2024, we have helped solve the at launch. This strategy has minimized the
responsible pricing practices and industry- • Unmet need significant unmet medical need globally through gap between high-income countries and
leading patient access programs. We are a multi-faceted strategy to enhance access to LMICs. We have extended the UNICEF
• Access
working to bring our products to more people our investigational COVID-19 oral treatment agreement until the end of 2025.
• R&D sustainability
globally in ways that are as affordable as following regulatory authorization:
We welcomed the Gates Foundation’s 2021
• Competition
• We entered into advance purchase
commitment of $120 million to accelerate
agreements with the governments of
access to generic versions of our medicine.
more than 40 countries to provide our
This commitment complemented our
investigational COVID-19 oral treatment
voluntary license agreements and highlights
through a tiered-pricing approach based
the importance of actions from multiple
on World Bank criteria to reflect countries’
stakeholders. Through our licensing agreements
relative ability to finance their health
with generics manufacturers and the Medicines
response to COVID-19.
Patent Pool, as of the end of 2024, more than
• We signed voluntary license agreements 6 million courses of more affordable generic
during the clinical development process with therapy have been shipped to 29 LMICs
multiple Indian generic manufacturers and covered under the agreements.
the Medicines Patent Pool, to accelerate
affordable access to generic versions of
our medicine in more than 100 LMICs.
These licenses and local manufacturing
partnerships cover approximately 90%
of the population in LMICs.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 35
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Public policies that improve access and affordability
Public policies, including laws and regulations, policy brief and the Roadmap to Sustainable
directly and indirectly affect access and Finance in Health. We also collaborated with
affordability. We are committed to promoting the G20 and G7 Health and Development
sound policies that drive the sustainability Partnership to advocate for cancer prevention
of health care systems. We collaborate with and immunization commitments across G7 and
governments, industry associations, trade G20 member governments at the Health20
and economic forums, think tanks, academia, Summit, and worked together on a roundtable
advocacy organizations and multilateral event at the United Nations General Assembly
organizations. Together, we analyze the impact to accelerate progress on the WHO’s call to
of current and proposed policies, formulate action on cervical cancer elimination.
new proposals, disseminate best practices and
At the regional level, we promoted proven
promote evidence-based policy solutions at the
and innovative mechanisms for sustainable
global, regional and local levels.
immunization financing in APEC economies
We use global and regional platforms, such as as outlined under the Action Plan on
the G7, the G20 and the Asia-Pacific Economic Vaccination Across the Life-Course. We
Cooperation (APEC), to advocate for sustainable supported the APEC Health Working Group’s
financing for health care and underscore that Recommendations for Collaboration on Cancer
investment in health is critical for social and Control, which includes examining the nature
economic development. Additionally, we and adequacy of public funding for national
work at national and local levels to translate cancer control plans, with a view to maximize
commitments, best practices and new ideas government funds and identify innovative and
into robust policies that improve funding for alternative funding models. This initiative has
health and, ultimately, access and affordability. helped further discussions with policymakers
within the APEC economies. we supported a master course on Financing for To achieve sustainable access, health care
Examples of our work at the global level
Universal Health Coverage in the Context of resources must be used in a more efficient
include advocacy for the G20 to prioritize We also work with organizations to strengthen
Cancer Control aimed at upskilling civil society way. This transformation can only be achieved
investment in non-communicable diseases and the infrastructure needed to improve access
organizations, including representatives of by learning and progressing together with
to promote sustainable and diversified sources to and funding for cancer prevention and care.
cancer societies and patient groups, and those cross-industry partners. We are contributing
of funding and financing. We put forward For example, we are members of the Access
engaged in cancer policy work and research. to the Global Innovation Hub Expert Review
policy recommendations for G20 working to Oncology Medicines (ATOM) Coalition,
Committee as an advisor to the group. Through
groups and task forces through multiple a global initiative with over 40 partners We also support research on strengthening the
our efforts to assist and learn from health care
channels. These include the Think20 event, across the private and civil society sectors, economic case for investing in immunization.
systems that have embraced value-based care,
the Health20 Summit and collaborations to reduce cancer-related suffering and deaths For example, we collaborated with the Global
we aim to inspire and encourage other systems
with advocacy organizations such as the NCD by addressing barriers to affordability, as well Coalition on Aging (GCOA) to develop a report
to adopt and implement strategies and models
Alliance and the G20 and G7 Health and as appropriate use of oncology medicines on The Role of Healthy Aging and Adult
that prioritize health care value.
Development Partnership. Examples of our in LMICs. In partnership with the Union of Immunization in Achieving Fiscal Sustainability
recommendations can be found in this T20 International Cancer Control and ThinkWell, and Economic Growth across the APEC region.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 36
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Donating medicines and vaccines when and where needed
When market-based solutions are inadequate
or unavailable to address affordability, we Product donations 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
pursue programs to provide our medicines
Product donations through our U.S. Patient Assistance Program (U.S. dollars in millions)¹ $1,603 $1,455 $1,685 $1,570 $1,736
and vaccines, including product donations
and patient assistance programs. In 2024,
Product donations for ex-U.S. programs and U.S. disaster relief (U.S. dollars in millions)² $1,280 $284 $97 $258 $215
we reached over 292 million people with
product donations through the MECTIZAN ¹ The totals reflect the product donation volumes of our U.S. Patient Assistance Program from 2020 to 2024. These totals fluctuate annually due to variations in program dispensing volumes and the products
Donation Program, the U.S. Patient Assistance offered through the program.
Program, and the Merck Medical Outreach ² (a) In 2021, we stopped reporting on the market value of donated MECTIZAN, leading in large part to a decrease in our overall reporting of the value of product donations for ex-U.S. programs.
(b) Includes MMOP (including U.S. disaster relief), and MSD regional donations.
Program (MMOP) for disaster relief and
(c) In 2022, the products donated through MMOP to our NGO partners were valued at $66.2 million in support of the Ukraine crisis specifically and another $26.9 million were donated to other countries outside
humanitarian aid. of the U.S. via our MMOP partnering NGOs.
The U.S. Patient Assistance People reached through donation programs 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Program
People reached globally through product donation and patient assistance programs and
268.3 197.3 359.2 385.2 292.2
partnerships (estimate includes MECTIZAN)¹
The U.S. Patient Assistance Program provides
certain medicines and adult vaccines free of People reached through the MECTIZAN Donation Program¹ 267.8 197.0 358.9 385.0 292.0
charge to eligible individuals who do not have
prescription drug or health insurance coverage. Patients utilizing our U.S. Patient Assistance Program (in millions)² 0.190 0.130 0.113 0.129 0.093
This is consistent with our long-held values
and tradition of putting patients first. People reached through the MMOP (in millions)³ 0.283 0.139 0.119 0.042 0.036
¹ “People reached” is defined as people who received a medicine or vaccine through the MECTIZAN Donation Program, U.S. Patient Assistance Program or the MMOP. Estimated figures assume all product reached
patients, and are based on converting volume of medicines and vaccines donated. This estimate calculates the number of people who accessed the treatment and is therefore a sub-set of treatments approved.
All MDP product donation requests from countries for implementation in 2024 were fully supplied. 2024 showed a decrease year over year as countries where the MDAs were planned in early Q1 2024 were
supplied end of the year 2023 and were reported in 2023 donation data.
² Total people reached with the U.S. Patient Assistance Program fluctuate annually due to variations in the products offered through the program and shifts within the healthcare landscape.
³ (a) Estimated figures, which assume all product reached patients, are based on converting volume of medicines and vaccines donated. Conversion factors for this estimate were developed using a combination of
IQVIA SMART Data and U.S. product information found on our product website.
(b) Decline in patients reached in 2021 and 2022 relative to 2020 and prior years is primarily due to the decreased availability of certain products offered for donation because they moved to Organon in the 2021
spin-off, and global needs changed. In 2023, the decline in patients reached compared to 2022 can be attributed to the higher average dose per patient annually of the products donated for chronic diseases.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 37
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
The MECTIZAN Disaster relief and 2024 was a significant year for natural disasters
driven by climate change and human conflict.
Donation Program humanitarian assistance
In response to these events, we donated Afya Program
essential products and joined global and
The MECTIZAN Donation Program is the It can become especially difficult for global
regional actors to provide immediate emergency Merck Animal Health provides
longest-running drug donation program communities to address affordability during
response, rebuild damaged health systems and ongoing support and vaccine
for neglected tropical diseases. We have natural disasters and humanitarian crises.
strengthen long-term disaster preparedness donations toward combating rabies
committed to providing as much MECTIZAN We look to local authorities and humanitarian
and response capacity. through the Afya Program. To help
as needed for as long as it’s needed to treat relief agencies to first assess the need and then
support rabies-elimination efforts,
river blindness globally through the MECTIZAN to respond in a timely, coordinated manner. Our MMOP is the primary way we donate our
Afya provides vaccines donations
Donation Program. To meet immediate needs, we provide aid medicines and vaccines for global disaster
to our nonprofit partners, including
through financial and product donations. relief and humanitarian assistance in LMICs.
Rabies Free Africa in Tanzania and
Our donation commitment has expanded over
In 2024, we reached an estimated 36,000
Mission Rabies in Asia, Africa and
the years to include the treatment of lymphatic Additionally, we recognize the rising impact
people through the MMOP. The MMOP expands
beyond. In 2024, we celebrated
filariasis. Since the program’s inception, of climate change on health. We collaborate to
access to our products, particularly in LMICs,
the milestone of donating 6 million
we have donated over 5 billion MECTIZAN mitigate that impact through our environmental
by donating medicines and vaccines to a
rabies vaccine doses through the
treatments and have made significant impacts stewardship and compliance and by advancing
limited number of qualified, U.S.-based NGO
program since its inception.
on health systems in some of the hardest- novel medicine and vaccine candidates to
partners. The scope and reach of the MMOP
to-reach communities around the world. address diseases with an increasing prevalence
varies from year to year and is influenced by + Read more about the Afya
The MECTIZAN Donation Program is one due to changing climate patterns. Our
changing medical needs in LMICs, the quantity Program here.
of the most successful public-private health collaborations extend to humanitarian disaster
of our medicines available for donation and
partnerships of its kind. response efforts and strengthening resilience
the unpredictable nature of emergencies
in health systems.
+ For more information, please see the or disasters.
MECTIZAN story on our corporate
website, and the MECTIZAN Donation
Program website.
We received the 2024 Global Citizen
Award from International Medical
Corps in recognition of our decades-
long support of global health access
and emergency response.
In 2024, we reached over
292 million
people with our MECTIZAN donations.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 38
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Strengthening health
systems and addressing
barriers to health care
Our focus on strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health
care aligns with our deepest-held values. We strive to reduce barriers for
communities facing long-standing challenges in getting quality care globally.
We believe that by working closely with governments, donors, patient groups,
health care professionals, nonprofit organizations, academic institutions,
multilateral organizations and private enterprises, we can build stronger
health systems that provide better care.
>66 million $43 million Goal 2024 Total
People, underserved by health In social investments to strengthen Reach more than 50 million people in low- and middle-
care, reached through our social health systems in 2024 income countries and in underserved populations in high-
11.40 66.20
investments (2021-2024) (p. 39) income countries with our social investments by 2025
(in millions)¹
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments.
“Underserved populations” are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes due to disadvantages
related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/
or language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline
period. Actuals for 2024 and for each year in the total to date are based on reports received between the 1st of March and
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
the last day of February of the corresponding performance year.
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases,
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1 third-party reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period, and/or data that are attributable to
other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 39
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our approach to strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health
In 2024, we provided $43 million in social
investments to address health equity through Addressing barriers to health 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
philanthropy, strategic collaborations and
Reach more than 50 million people in low- and middle-income countries and in
impact investing. Our investments improve
underserved populations in high-income countries with our social investments by N/A 15.0 18.6 21.2 11.4 66.2
access to health around the world by addressing
2025 (in millions)¹
the barriers that many individuals face in
seeking and receiving high-quality health care. Annual investment in partnerships, programs and impact investments that
support health care capacity building and address underlying barriers to access to $49 $36 $38 $44 $43 —
As noted in the table to the right, our 2024
health (in millions)²
social investments reached 11.4 million people
in LMICS and underserved populations in high- Number of health care workers trained through major partnerships, programs and
0.080 0.097 0.315 0.349 0.038 —
income countries. That brings our four-year impact investments (estimated in millions)³
total (2021-2024) of people reached to 66.2
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. “Underserved populations” are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes due to
million, exceeding our goal to reach more than
disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting period of
50 million people by 2025. We also track the 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for 2024 and for each year in the total to date are based on reports received between the 1st of March and the last day of February of the corresponding
performance year.
number of health care workers trained through
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period, and/or
the initiatives we support. In 2024, our partners
data that are attributable to other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
trained an estimated 38,000 workers—
² Represents investments made by our Office of Social Business Innovation. Starting in 2023, this number also includes cash giving for disaster relief.
extending our impact for years to come. ³ (a) Increase in 2022 driven by Merck for Mothers training programs scaled through digital delivery and with integration into national training campaigns.
(b) The 2024 annual total for data on providers trained through social investments is lower than past years due to the nature of projects reporting for the 2024 period.
Our social investments are guided and reviewed
by expert advisory bodies, including an internal
Impact Investing Committee; an internal
Economic Inclusion, Workforce Development
and Health Equity Council; and external advisory
committees for the MECTIZAN Donation
Program and Merck for Mothers.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 40
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Global impact and community investments
Our approach to philanthropic investments The Foundation also supports programs that are home not only to our customers, but also where our employees live and work by
is guided by these key principles: improve the delivery of cancer care in low- and to our workforce and many of our suppliers. addressing critical health and social needs.
middle-income countries (LMICs). Through It is critical we understand their concerns and
• Meeting critical global health needs
Solutions for Healthy Communities (SHC)
an $11 million commitment over six years needs, and that we address local challenges to
• Promoting access to care by helping to catalyzes local innovations that facilitate
(2023-2028) to University of New Mexico build stronger communities and support the
reduce health disparities in communities access to quality health care for communities
(UNM) Health, the Foundation is supporting sustainability of our business.
with limited access to care with limited access to care. These initiatives
Project ECHO®, a global movement to
We contribute to the economy of local not only improve access to care, but also
• Collaborating with an array of partners democratize knowledge and expand access to
communities directly and indirectly through strengthen health systems and foster resilience
across sectors to build healthier, best-practice care. With our support, Project
employment, training, support of local and empowerment at the local level. SHC
stronger communities ECHO’s teams are training and mentoring more
suppliers, local R&D and by paying taxes. provides multi-year grants to NGOs addressing
than 33,000 local health workers and bringing
• Using our range of resources (financial,
We also strive to have a positive impact barriers to heath care in the communities
high-quality care to an estimated 11 million
product and expertise) to improve access
on communities by helping to protect the where we operate.
people living with cancer in communities across
to health
environment, maintaining safe operations
India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam. + For more information on these programs,
and respecting human rights. Our community
Established in 1957, our Foundation is funded
please visit the Philanthropy page on our
We supported social investments globally that engagement programs strengthen communities
entirely by our Company and is our chief source
corporate website.
delivered health communications campaigns,
of financial support for qualified, eligible non-
strengthened digital platforms and supported
profit organizations whose programs align with
vaccination programs in communities with
our philanthropic priorities. Since its inception,
gaps in care and health outcomes. Considering
our Foundation has supported innovative
the unique care barriers impacting rural
programs and partnerships to improve the
communities, we are also partnering with
health and well-being of people around the
community-based coalitions to address social
world. For example, it has invested in multi-year
determinants of health in more than 60
programs to improve access to high-quality care
counties across Indiana and Georgia. These
for people living with cancer. The Foundation’s
grassroots coalitions are comprised of public
U.S.-based initiative—the Alliance for Equity
health stakeholders, community engagement
in Cancer Care is working to address persistent
groups and business leaders providing
cancer disparities by helping improve the
education and awareness in rural communities
delivery of high-quality and culturally responsive
and addressing barriers to vaccination services.
care in underserved communities across the
country. With a $20 million commitment
Our success depends largely on our
over five years (2022-2026), the Foundation
relationships and interactions with local
is supporting the design and implementation
communities, including patients, community
of innovative, comprehensive programs that
leaders, non-profit organizations, local
help improve patient outcomes by meeting
businesses, schools, elected officials and local
individuals’ medical and social needs.
media. The communities where we operate

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 41
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our commitment to maternal health
Maternal health outcomes highlight the Since inception through 2024, our Merck for For example, in 2024, we launched a new public-
strength of a health system. In many countries, Mothers initiative has reached nearly 35 million private partnership with the Pan-American
unacceptable and inequitable access to care women with programs to improve maternal Health Organization to address postpartum
around pregnancy and childbirth lead to health outcomes, surpassing a commitment to hemorrhage, or severe bleeding after childbirth,
devastating impacts for families. Merck for reach at least 25 million women by 2025. in Latin America. We also expanded our
Mothers is our $650 million global initiative partnership with the CDC Foundation in support
Our efforts bring fresh thinking and infuse
to create a world where no woman has to die of Hear Her, a national health communications
new approaches to end the longstanding
while giving life. For a decade and counting, campaign in the U.S. improving the recognition
challenge of maternal mortality. With our
we have brought Merck’s scientific and business of maternal warning signs among patients,
grantees and collaborators, we are improving
expertise to help carve a path to a better families and health care providers.
health systems for women by advancing
world where maternal health outcomes are
quality standards, catalyzing solutions that + For more information, please visit the
improved by increasing access to safe, high-
respond to community needs, and harnessing Merck for Mothers website.
quality, and respectful care around pregnancy
private-sector innovations for maternal health.
and childbirth.
Addressing cancer disparities
In addition to the philanthropic investments Globally, we collaborate with the City Cancer with Go Further, we are supporting an
mentioned earlier in this section, we are Challenge Foundation (C/Can) to improve independent, investigator-initiated study of the
building a range of collaborations to strengthen access to quality cancer care in 15 cities around use of our 9-valent HPV vaccine in a cohort of
cancer prevention, care and support systems to the world by strengthening patient navigation, women living with HIV in Eswatini. Go Further
close gaps in care and health outcomes. In the care coordination and data capacity through aims to reduce new cervical cancer cases
U.S., we have supported the American Cancer the integration of digital platforms in health among women living with HIV in 12 African
Society’s Get Screened campaign, aimed at systems. Together with C/Can, we joined countries with some of the highest rates of
reducing disparities in cancer screening that the Global Breast Cancer Initiative (GBCI), HIV prevalence and cervical cancer incidence
were exacerbated by COVID-19. which aims to save 2.5 million lives over a 20- in the world. The study will help determine the
year period. As members of the Access to appropriate dosing of vaccine for women living
Through our partnerships and commitments,
Oncology Medicines (ATOM) coalition, we work with HIV.
we support a variety of efforts to help improve
together with over 40 partners across private
education, navigation and access to services
and civil society sectors to address barriers to
in communities disproportionately affected
availability, affordability and appropriate use of
by cancer.
oncology medicines in low- and lower-middle
income countries. Through our collaboration

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 42
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Advancing Investing Reaching more patients globally
health online for impact
We are driven to create global impact and challenges impact whether individuals can
reach more patients, including by changing receive timely care.
In June 2021, Merck and Meta launched the Impact investing is one of our core approaches the way we do business. In 2024, we
For patients outside the U.S., these dedicated
Advancing Health Online initiative (AHO), to strengthen health systems by advancing established dedicated teams to expand access
teams aim to significantly increase the number
a fiscally sponsored project of Global Impact sustainable global health solutions. Through and strengthen health systems. In addition,
of people in LMICs that benefit from our
aimed at advancing public understanding of how our Impact Venture Fund, we deploy financial our commitment to remove barriers to care
innovations in an economically sustainable
social media can be used to better understand resources in ways that can generate not is integrated into our operations globally.
way. Their focus is on three areas: innovative
and to increase the health and resiliency of only improved access to health care, but also
In the U.S., our overarching goal is to target financing models to bridge the global funding
communities. AHO has brought together financial returns and strategic opportunities—
areas where we can create meaningful, gap and drive sustainable change; digital and
representatives from technology, health, all while growing a sustainable global health
measurable and lasting impacts that address data solutions through new alliances that drive
global development and academia to support ecosystem and attracting additional capital
barriers to health. We have developed data- scalable, tech-enabled solutions; and innovative
social media integration as a core component and partners.
informed strategies and programs to address delivery models that create new routes
of social behavior changes for improved health
For example, we invested in Mamotest, a the most challenging barriers to care, especially to patients.
outcomes. One of AHO’s first steps was to
company based in Latin America providing AI- in communities that face systemic barriers to
establish the independent Vaccine Confidence
Within our research laboratories, a biostatistics
enabled telediagnosis for breast cancer. And in access. Some of our efforts use digital tools and
Fund to sponsor research on how social media
team also supports the Health Equity
2023, we invested in AfricInvest’s Transform resources to support timely cancer screening
and online platforms can support confidence
Research initiative. This initiative evaluates
Health Fund, focused on innovative models and early detection. We have also developed a
in and access to COVID-19 vaccines and
social determinants of health within our
to improve access, affordability, resilience tool that eases daily living challenges, offering
routine immunizations. The Fund has provided
scientific protocols, providing resources for
and the quality of health care in Africa. support for essential needs like housing, food
over 40 grants globally to researchers and
researchers to inform business decisions
security, transportation and more—also known
organizations, exploring how to use behavioral
Our Impact Venture Fund is led by our Office of and scientific platforms.
as social determinants to health. Often, these
science, social media and digital platforms
Social Impact and Sustainability with guidance
to build confidence in and access to vaccines.
from our internal Impact Investing Committee.
Established in 2019, the Impact Investing
In 2024, Global Impact—on behalf of AHO and
Committee is a cross-functional team of
Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance—joined forces to
senior leaders who review and approve new
launch VaxSocial, an initiative that supports
investments in line with established policies
country-driven projects and uses social media
and guidelines. The Committee also monitors
to increase vaccine confidence and awareness,
the financial and social returns of our impact
given the increasing role of social media
portfolio. In addition, we are members of
platforms as a conduit for health information.
several external networks where we contribute
VaxSocial will generate evidence and share
to and benefit from the growing body of
insights with the global health community.
expertise in impact investing.
+ Learn more about our Impact Venture Fund
on our corporate site.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 43
Employees
At the heart of our organization lies an inspiring purpose: to use Topics covered in this section:
the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around
>3 million
Global talent management
the world. Our commitment to investing in the growth, success and
Hours of training completed by Compensation and benefits
well-being of our people is central to this mission.
our workforce, reflecting our
Global diversity and inclusion
dedication to investing in their
We recognize that a strong commitment to our We prioritize recognizing our team members’ growth and success. Health and safety
employees is essential to our success because contributions while cultivating a profound sense
our skilled and passionate workforce enables of belonging for each person. These initiatives
our mission. We cultivate a workplace culture reinforce our aspiration to be a leading employer
focused on innovation, engagement, inclusion, in our industry while advancing our shared
and execution. Building the capabilities of objective of fostering a healthier future for all.
our talent aligns with our mission to attract
By prioritizing our people, we not only drive
and retain the best individuals—those who >75
organizational success, but also create
invent and deliver breakthrough medicines
a meaningful and lasting impact on the
and vaccines. Countries have access to our global
communities we serve. Together, we are
Employee Assistance Program
We demonstrate our investment in our forging a path that saves and improves lives
(EAP), providing comprehensive
workforce through robust career development while enriching those of our employees.
opportunities and comprehensive resources mental health support for our
aimed at supporting the safety and well- employees and their families.
being of our employees and their families.
>25,000 >95%
Employees are members of at least one of our 10 Employee Business Resource Groups— Employees have been celebrated
that is over 30% of our workforce globally. All employees are welcome to join any of our for their contributions to our
Employee Business Resource Groups. mission through our global
recognition program.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 44
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Global talent
management
Employees are the driving force behind our achievements, and we strive to
create an environment where every individual can continuously learn, grow
and feel deeply connected to our organization.
Embracing a philosophy of development for all, we enable a culture that
accelerates talent growth through innovative programs and practices.
By prioritizing performance management, leadership development,
talent assessments and succession planning, we lay the groundwork for
a thriving workforce. Our dedicated Global Talent Management team
designs and implements strategies that align with our business objectives,
ensuring we effectively attract and retain the best talent while fostering
an inclusive environment.
Supported by a cutting-edge human capital management system, our practices
empower both people leaders and employees to track progress on priorities,
development plans, performance ratings, skills and career aspirations.
This holistic approach enhances individual capabilities and strengthens our
organizational resilience, creating a robust succession pipeline that prepares
us for the future.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 2-7 GRI 2-8 GRI 401 GRI 401-1 GRI 404 GRI 404-1 GRI 404-2
GRI 404-3 SASB 330a.1 SASB 330a.2
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 45
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our global approach to talent management
We recognize the importance of hiring, Talent management also helps our employees We provide our employees with resources, design, develop and execute innovative learning
retaining and developing exceptional navigate their careers while we recognize and programs and support to help them achieve experiences to strengthen our workforce,
employees. After all, our people are our greatest respect each individual’s unique journey. To their goals and shape their futures. Through support career growth and development,
asset. Teams comprised of employees with accomplish this, we establish the foundation forward-thinking approaches, we develop and drive business impact.
varying thoughts, perspectives and experiences for skills development through assessment, experiences and skills at every level and in every
As of Dec. 31, 2024, we had approximately
are essential for fostering innovation and leadership, teaming or coaching. function and division globally. We also strive
75,000 employees worldwide, including
creativity and for driving success. With this to increase access to opportunities for career
We seek to hire and develop the best people approximately 31,000 employees in the U.S.,
in mind, we prioritize the development of a growth. The primary focus of our learning
from a broad talent pool. Our outreach includes including Puerto Rico. Approximately 73,000
workforce that can best serve the world in and development is to enable an inclusive
various channels, including marketing and employees are full-time. Additionally, there are
which we operate and create opportunities and accessible environment for our employees
social media, and alliances with organizations roughly 15,000 third-party contractors globally,
for all employees to grow, learn and thrive. to learn and thrive. We accomplish this by
that promote belonging, engagement including temporary workers, independent
collaborating with business partners across
and empowerment. contractors and freelancers, but excluding
the Company to understand critical business
outsourced service providers.
challenges and prioritize solutions. We then

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 46
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Transparency and Leadership as a levels. By emphasizing each leader’s vital role experience also ensures everyone feels valued
in employee growth and development, we and supported. Through the use of Anytime
development for all differentiating capability
actively enable our leaders to maintain a focus Feedback, we have significantly increased
on leadership excellence while also driving an employee feedback across the Company,
Our organization is deeply committed to We remain steadfast in our commitment to
inclusive environment for all employees. Our providing even more opportunity to both give
fostering employee growth and development, effective leadership for all, actively advancing
journey is still underway, and we commit to and receive meaningful feedback throughout
believing each individual has the potential our organizational culture and enhancing both
making continuous strides in these vital areas. the year. Additionally, in 2024, 93% of
and desire to succeed. We understand that individual and collective performance. Our
employees had a mid-year progress discussion
every employee brings unique skills and ongoing efforts to integrate our 15 Enterprise
Performance management with their people leaders.
aspirations to the table, and our goal extends Leadership Skills into daily operations continue
beyond retention; we aim to create passionate to address evolving business challenges while Our evolving performance evaluation and
Our purpose drives us to positively impact
advocates for their careers. By leaving a lasting unlocking immense potential within our rewards process illustrates our dedication to
patients, customers and communities
positive impact on our workforce, we empower workforce. This strategic initiative empowers balancing results with our Ways of Working, or
worldwide. We prioritize meaningful work that
individuals to learn, grow and succeed. every individual in our organization to explore how our employees achieve those results. We
connects individual passions with our broader
their own leadership growth as needed in their emphasize the importance of accountability
We encourage open communication between organizational aspirations, fostering a profound
roles, ensuring the impact of our initiatives and leadership behaviors, nurturing a culture
people leaders and employees to facilitate sense of fulfillment among employees. We value
resonates profoundly in the communities and that aligns with our core values and Strategic
meaningful development conversations that each team member’s unique contributions,
lives we serve. Framework. Our people leaders participate
align individual career goals with organizational reinforcing the understanding that their skills
annually in structured 360° and 180° feedback
objectives. This proactive approach not only As we sustain our focus on building leadership play a critical role in our collective mission.
surveys to understand their progress against
enhances personal and professional growth as a distinguishing capability, we work diligently
As a result, we believe strongly in the power our Enterprise Leadership Skills and Ways
but also fosters a culture of transparency toward two primary goals: enhancing our
of constructive feedback as a cornerstone of of Working.
and fairness in our talent practices, ensuring leaders’ leadership acumen and embedding
our performance management approach. By
employees can build their careers with purpose. leadership principles into all facets of our Finally, we remain committed to empowering
promoting a culture of ongoing dialogue and
talent practices. By integrating leadership our employees to continuously improve and
Recognizing that career growth is often a support, our people leaders can mentor and
development into the entire employee contribute to our shared mission, inspiring
non-linear journey filled with a broad array coach their teams effectively. We encourage
journey—from recruitment to performance stakeholder confidence and the awareness that
of experiences, we equip our employees regular, constructive feedback through
management—we foster a thriving culture they remain our primary focus while we deliver
and people leaders with the resources and structured mechanisms that help employees
where leadership is actively celebrated and exceptional outcomes for them.
support they need to engage in rich and grow. Strengthening the overall employee
rewarded every day.
meaningful development discussions. By
fostering a mindset of curiosity and continuous In 2024, we launched our Leadership
learning, we inspire our workforce to navigate Readiness Labs, innovative spaces dedicated
Year end performance reviews 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
their careers confidently, uncovering new to nurturing and empowering our leaders
opportunities for growth and success at through continuous development. This initiative
All employees¹ 95% 95% 96% 96% 96%
every turn. complements the ongoing introduction of our
Team Leader and Multi-Team Leader Learning ¹ “All employees” are defined as all active full- and part-time workers only.
Journeys, along with additional self-directed
learning resources designed to inspire personal
growth and strengthen leadership across all

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 47
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to recruitment and retention
We focus on recruiting and retaining the We have also made substantial strides to
best talent globally—those committed to ensure equal opportunity for a broad spectrum Employees by region (2024) Number of employees* % of Total
our purpose. of qualified candidates through our recruiting
U.S.¹ 30,588 41%
efforts. By partnering with various external
Our success relies on attracting and retaining
organizations, we have successfully attracted
skilled scientific, IT and business support talent Europe (Western) 20,551 28%
candidates from a variety of backgrounds to
as well as experts in clinical R&D, government
compete for positions within our Company.
China 6,214 8%
regulation and commercialization. Dedicated
Sourcing and Executive Recruiting teams for Of course, our success depends on our ability
Asia Pacific 6,648 9%
research and development (R&D) and global to cast a wide net to identify, source and attract
branding highlight R&D opportunities. the best talent. To ensure that, we have made
Latin America 4,368 6%
investments and established partnerships with
Our hiring strategy also focuses on securing
various inclusive hiring programs in the U.S., Japan 3,303 4%
digital, analytical and automation skills, as well
including our Skills-First hiring initiative.
as sales and marketing skill sets, especially in
Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (EEMEA) 2,251 3%
oncology and vaccines in our Global Human + To learn about our Skills-First talent strategy
Health division. and other initiatives, see page 60. Canada 784 1%
We have discovery research centers located *Full-time equivalents reported.
strategically in regions with active biomedical ¹ U.S. Headcount including Puerto Rico.
research communities in California and
Massachusetts, and principal sites outside
the U.S., including in the United Kingdom
and China. These centers enable us to recruit
talented local scientists and to collaborate with
local academic institutions and companies.
These discovery sites complement and connect
with the strong R&D capabilities and expertise
at our New Jersey and Pennsylvania sites.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 48
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
We value the retention of our employees and closely monitor turnover rates. In 2024, we saw a
reduction in hiring due to a decrease in employee turnover from 7.8% in 2023 to 6.9% in 2024.
There was a decline in hire rates from 2023, caused primarily by lower hire rates in China and EEMEA.
Turnover (global) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Overall turnover rate¹ 8.5% 11.1% 11.4% 7.8% 6.9%
Voluntary turnover rate 6.0% 8.8% 8.5% 5.6% 4.6%
¹ Includes all types of turnover of regular employees. “Regular employees” are defined as employees who do not have a predetermined end
date to employment.
Turnover by division (2024) Overall turnover rate* Voluntary turnover rate
Animal Health 9.0% 5.5%
Global Support Functions 6.4% 4.5%
Global Human Health 9.4% 5.8%
Manufacturing Division 6.9% 4.5%
Research Laboratories 4.4% 3.4%
Note: Global Support Functions include Human Resources, Corporate Compliance, Finance, Legal, Strategy, Business Development
and IT.
*“Overall turnover rate” includes all types of turnover of regular employees. “Regular employees” are defined as employees who do not
have a predetermined end date to employment.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 49
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Employee hires by region 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Employee hires by region 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Asia Pacific Japan
Number of hires 597 588 870 936 863 Number of hires 143 120 137 178 211
Hire rate¹ 8.9% 10.0% 14.6% 15.1% 13.3% Hire rate¹ 4.4% 3.8% 4.3% 5.5% 6.3%
EEMEA² U.S.
Number of hires 360 373 295 295 194 Number of hires 3,193 3,443 3,625 3,056 3,004
Hire rate¹ 10.7% 13.8% 11.6% 13.2% 8.5% Hire rate¹ 11.9% 13.1% 13.3% 10.5% 10.0%
Latin America China
Number of hires 459 496 441 619 508 Number of hires 2,149 1,907 1,391 1,064 459
Hire rate¹ 8.4% 10.5% 9.3% 12.7% 10.4% Hire rate¹ 29.5% 31.5% 21.5% 16.0% 7.1%
Europe Canada
Number of hires 1,754 1,709 2,024 2,015 1,957 Number of hires 50 73 109 79 92
Hire rate¹ 8.4% 9.5% 10.5% 9.7% 9.2% Hire rate¹ 7.5% 12.8% 18.4% 11.8% 12.6%
NR: Not reported.
Note: U.S. Headcount including Puerto Rico.
¹ Percentage of new hires in the total onboard head count; regular employees only. “Regular employees” are defined as employees who do
not have a predetermined end date to employment.
² EEMEA (Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa).
Transition assistance
Transition assistance programs may be provided to support separated employees as part of a
workforce restructuring. Such benefits are subject to local plans, laws and country guidelines,
but may include the following:
• Severance benefits, which may include severance pay based on an employee’s level and years
of service
• Outplacement job transition assistance
• Health and wellness benefits for a defined time period

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 50
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to learning and development
The Global Learning Development (GLD) Continuous evaluation Functional learning Leadership development
organization is committed to fostering an
inclusive and enriching learning environment and accessibility Functional learning is a key focus and equips offerings
that prioritizes an array of perspectives. Our employees with the skills needed for their roles.
approach to employee development strategically Recognizing that the skills and capabilities Collaborating with employees from a variety The HR Talent Center of Excellence (CoE)
aligns with our Company aspirations and of our employees must align with our of functional areas ensures robust learning offered the following leadership development
purpose, ensuring all team members have access organizational objectives, we engage in ongoing opportunities, enabling employees to excel experiences during 2024. These experiences
to the learning experiences needed to thrive. assessments of our learning culture and and develop capabilities for future roles. align with our Enterprise Leaderships Skills
strategies. This iterative process enables us to and Strategic Framework.
Our process begins with a comprehensive retool our development initiatives as needed
Mandatory training
analysis of the learning requirements across our to better support our workforce. Moreover, Multi-team Leader Learning Journey
global workforce. Through detailed discovery we create learning experiences that adhere We require mandatory safety, compliance and
of learner personas, we identify specific needs to established accessibility guidelines. By quality training to uphold our high standards A six-month immersive learning experience for
and environmental factors that influence prioritizing accessibility in our learning design, and ensure the well-being of employees, employees who inspire and oversee multiple
learning. This thorough understanding allows we ensure all employees can participate fully customers and the wider community. teams, the Multi-team Leader Journey ensures
us to craft tailored solutions that resonate with in their development. team leaders effectively support and empower
our employees. their employees. Participants come together
in live forums and virtual sessions to address
Our learning strategy is designed around five our greatest business and people challenges
critical moments in an employee’s career journey. Training and education* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 through peer coaching, collaborative problem-
They include: solving and experimenting. The journey
Total course completions for all learners (in millions) 7.2 6.3 5.1 5.5 6.3
1. In-role Growth: Enhancing skills for is open for self-registration to colleagues
current positions to drive performance across the globe within the multi-team leader
Hours of training for all learners (in millions)¹ 3.6 3.2 2.5 2.7 3.2
and job satisfaction persona and is delivered regionally. Aimed at
Average course completions per learner 69 51 42 49 57 supporting the upskilling needed to navigate
2. Professional Development: Curated
complexity at the executive level, participants
learning opportunities that support
*“All learners” is defined as all active regular and part-time employees, as well as applicable contingent workers. are invited to test and learn leadership skills in
employee development across all
¹ Based on average of 30 minutes per course. an environment where they focus on connecting
organizational levels
and learning across the enterprise. The main
3. Leader Development: Cultivating future components of the sessions include creating a
leaders through targeted programs that
Talent, learning and development focus visionary “strategy on a page,” deepening self-
foster leadership skills
awareness, leading with presence, resilience
4. Company and Culture: Promoting We prioritize the learning and development of our talent to support our future leader pipeline. and adaptability, setting the conditions for
organizational values and fostering a sense Our talent and learning development portfolios include functional learning, mandatory training psychological safety, unlocking faster and better
of belonging among all employees and leadership development. decisions, and collaborating across networks.
5. Mandatory Training: Ensuring compliance
and awareness of essential policies
and practices

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 51
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Team Leader Learning Journey across the 2.5-year program, which includes
two rotations and a 30-month learning
The Team Leader Journey provides a three- journey. Participants gain a comprehensive
month experiential learning opportunity understanding of the organization and its
for employees who direct and oversee a interdependencies, enhancing their business
team of individual employees and their daily and leadership capabilities and enabling them
tasks and operations, particularly when they to make a meaningful impact within their
provide guidance, assign tasks and ensure home division upon completion. The first
team members are productive and engaged. cohort launched in October with 11 participants
Participants come together in a live forum and from across the globe.
virtual sessions to enable their growth as new
team leaders. Through the interactive learning
Coaching programs
experience, participants gain self-awareness
and practical tools to support effective team
Our coaching portfolio offers numerous
leadership. The journey is open for self-
experiences to support employees at all levels in
registration to colleagues across the globe
a range of needs, including role transition, skill-
within the team leader persona and is delivered
building, leadership effectiveness and beyond.
regionally. During the facilitated experience,
Senior leaders can transition into new roles by
participants test and learn leadership skills in
defining business and professional priorities—
an environment where they focus on trends
in line with our purpose, Ways of Working and
shaping our Company’s future, how to inspire
values—and supported by industry, business
their team, ways to create psychological
and leadership experts. Our mid-level and
safety, methods to drive accountability, skills
senior leaders have access to a global cadre of
for listening, coaching, and giving feedback,
coaches with subject matter expertise spanning
and techniques to build strong partnerships.
industries. Rooted in sustained behavior
change, coaching engagements enhance
General Management Acceleration
leadership skills and accelerate employees
Program – Leadership, Enterprise, to high-level roles.
Experience, Purpose (GMAP-LEEP)
In support of the evolution of our Talent Growth
Framework and talent strategy, in 2024, we
In 2024, we introduced GMAP-LEEP, a
moved from nomination-based programming
global application-based program offering
(by people leaders) to self-enrollment (by
an immersive development journey aimed
employees). This allows all employees to play
at advancing the knowledge and skills of
a more significant role in their development
mid-career talent. The program prepares
and ensures equal development opportunities
participants to lead from an enterprise
across our Company. It also reinforces our
perspective by infusing the principles of
commitment to fairness and inclusion.
leadership, enterprise, experience and purpose

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 52
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Compensation
and benefits
Recognizing that our employees are our most valuable asset, we are dedicated
to their professional growth and personal well-being. One of the ways
we demonstrate this commitment is through our comprehensive suite of
Compensation and Benefits programs and initiatives, thoughtfully designed
to address the varied needs of our workforce.
+ Learn more about our Compensation and Benefits on our corporate website.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 2-30 GRI 201-3 GRI 203 GRI 401-2
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 53
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to compensation
We believe in designing compensation • Recognition awards: INSPIRE is our global • We provide training for our people leaders In addition to these initiatives, we collaborate
programs that recognize and reward recognition program designed to sustain a and HR colleagues on our compensation with external experts and legal partners
employees for their accomplishments and culture of recognition and appreciation. We policies, ensuring we base compensation to conduct an annual study in the U.S. and
the value they bring to the Company. We take empower our employees to recognize each decisions on relevant job-related criteria internationally to ensure our employees are paid
pride in offering compensation packages that other for the work they do and how they do rather than personal characteristics fairly. In 2024, our global study encompassed
align with industry standards—ensuring they it through messages of appreciation, as well approximately 70,000 employees.
• We equip our leaders with essential
are fair and transparent—while also reflecting as points-based awards and cash rewards.
resources and actively engage with
Our focus on fair pay furthers our goal of being
our dedication to investing in our people Recognition is a core element of our culture.
employees worldwide, encouraging ongoing
the employer of choice for individuals of all
and fostering their growth. In 2024, we celebrated over 95% of our
conversations between managers and
backgrounds, and it supports our efforts to
employees through the INSPIRE program.
employees about pay-related questions
attract and retain the best talent. These are
We offer competitive pay and concerns
clear business imperatives for our Company
We are committed to
and reward programs • We maintain a council that is responsible for and we are committed to upholding them.
fair pay overseeing our fair pay initiatives, guiding
Our commitment to closely monitoring our strategies and holding us accountable
compensation trends keeps us current We are deeply committed to ensuring fair pay
with market practices. We analyze external for all employees. This commitment aligns with
compensation data worldwide every year, our core values of integrity, fairness and respect
which allows us to make rapid and informed for every individual. Fair pay is a foundational
pay decisions and ensure our compensation principle within our organization.
offerings are competitive and appropriate to
Our comprehensive approach to maintaining
the markets where we compete for talent. Our
fair pay includes the following initiatives:
employees can feel confident they are working
for a company that values their skills and • We implement clear and transparent
contributions. compensation policies to ensure all
employees are compensated fairly
In addition to a competitive base pay, we
• We determine compensation based on job-
also offer:
related factors such as the nature of the job,
• Short-term incentives: We believe in
work location and employees’ relative skills
rewarding hard work. Our performance-
and work experience
based incentive programs celebrate both
• As of 2024, we no longer request or consider
our employees’ individual achievements
previous salary when determining pay in new
and our success.
hire and internal offers across the globe. This
• Long-term incentives: With our stock-based
change ensures our compensation decisions
incentives, employees have the unique
are fair and solely focused on job-related
opportunity to share in the ownership of
factors, the qualifications of the candidate
our Company and its long-term success
and the market value of the role.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 54
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to benefits and well-being
Physical well-being Mental well-being
Physical well-being includes providing An entire ecosystem of factors affects an
preventive care coverage with affordable access employee’s mental health, including physical,
to high-quality health care benefits, as well financial and social health, as well as the well-
as programs and resources that build healthy being of their loved ones. Our holistic approach
habits for our employees and their families. to mental well-being involves providing an array
In the event of illness, we provide holistic of programs and resources suited to:
benefits and programs to help enable the best
• All stages of an employee’s career—from
treatment outcomes, long-term recovery and
recruitment and onboarding, to ongoing
survivor support.
development and career progression, to
retirement and separation
We continuously review and update our
health care benefits to meet the needs of our • Different milestones in their personal lives—
employees and their families. We design them including welcoming a child into the family,
to be competitive in each country to help attract caring for loved ones and the death of a
We provide significant value for employees Our culture of well-being encompasses
and retain top talent. In creating and deploying family member
through our benefits programs. four pillars—physical, mental, financial and
our benefits, we carefully consider several
• The various communities in which the
social. It fosters a safe and supportive work
As an innovation-based company, the expertise factors, including employee demographics, employee shares common beliefs,
environment and enables our employees and
and engagement of our employees is critical job demands, local and cultural needs and the backgrounds and cultures (e.g., in
their families to live their healthiest, fullest
to our business. We cannot be successful need for flexibility. support of our many Employee Business
lives. Our comprehensive and integrated
unless we prioritize employee well-being. Resource Groups)
approach connects closely with our strategic
We provide benefits and well-being programs Global standards of health care
priority of investing in the growth, success
We also bring awareness to managers through
that draw from best practices to ensure
and well-being of our people. We achieve
While specific health care benefits, wellness a global mental well-being e-module and to all
quality, competitive value and protection from
this by creating a culture of psychological
initiatives and programs differ by country, employees through a network of “mind-well”
significant financial hardship. We also provide
and physical safety, valuing and respecting
in 2024, we developed overarching guiding champions and regular communications.
access to tools and resources to support
employee feedback, and focusing on what
principles and standards of care to encourage
employees (and their families) through all
matters most. more comprehensive and clinically relevant Below are a few of our featured global benefits
stages of their careers and lives. Our Chief
program design worldwide. representing some of the different approaches
Human Resources Officer, in collaboration Benefit programs vary by country to reflect
we take to mental well-being. For a detailed list
with the Senior Vice President of Global local market practice, regulations and employee
Additionally, we have a global tobacco-free of mental well-being communications, benefits
Compensation & Benefits, serves as the needs. This section highlights only a few of our
workplace policy and, in 2025, we have and resources, see our Well-being Report.
executive sponsor, providing overall governance core offerings.
committed to providing preventive cancer
for employee well-being. Our Associate Vice
care, including Human Papillomavirus (HPV)
+ For more detail, please see our Well-being
President of Global Benefits & Well-being
vaccinations and recommended cancer
Report on our corporate website.
develops strategies, designs programs
screenings for all our employees and their
and manages the day-to-day operations
families to the extent possible.
and implementation.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 55
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Global Employee Assistance Global flexible work
Program (EAP) arrangement policy
Because mental well-being is essential to We believe flexible work arrangements offer a
feeling your best, we monitor our regular global different way of working that can benefit the
Company Pulse Surveys for issues that may Company and enhance employees’ mental well-
affect our employees*, and do all we can to being, foster teamwork, increase productivity
ensure our employees and their families have and support work-life balance. We have had
the support they need to be well. In 2025, a global flexible work arrangement policy
we improved our global EAP, which covers since 2008.
more than 75 countries. The program now
We provide a wide range of resources to help
offers comprehensive mental health support
employees with home office setups, including
for employees*, each of their household
tips for ergonomics, well-being office stretches
members and their dependents outside
and more.
the household, including:
• 12 free, high-quality, evidence-based mental
Time off and leaves
health therapy or coaching sessions
• Guidance on local work-life services We understand the importance of taking
time away from work when needed, and
• 24/7 crisis care management
we are committed to providing competitive
• 24/7 library of evidence-based paid time off and leaves of absence options
self-care resources to help colleagues when they or their family
• Virtual group discussions and informational members are ill or need time to manage work
sessions facilitated by clinicians on thought- and life responsibilities. While time off and
provoking topics related to mental health, leave benefits vary based on country-specific
current events, social conflict, parenting competitive practices and local regulations, our
and belonging global workforce has access to at least 12 weeks
of paid parental time off.
We have strategic communication campaigns to
raise awareness of the comprehensive offerings
of the EAP while reducing stigma around mental
health, including a customizable toolkit of
editable communications for local market use
based on cultural needs, audience preferences
and local dialect.
* Employees include contingent workers, project temps and other
classifications depending on local requirements in each of the
75+ countries where our Company has a presence.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 56
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Financial well-being which includes pension and 401(k) plans Social well-being Mental Health Day) are mental health-themed
in the U.S. These plans often supplement months when we provide live webcasts and
Financial well-being defines a sense of security government-sponsored social security benefits Our social well-being programs and initiatives invite motivational speakers to engage with
and, for some, a feeling of control over day-to- to improve employees’ financial security create a sense of belonging and connection to our employees. For November each year, we
day and long-term finances. Money matters can through added retirement income. people and communities within and outside promote “Movember,” which is Men’s Health
affect a person’s mental and physical well-being, of work. Positive interactions with colleagues, and Suicide Prevention Month.
so we’re committed to providing the benefits, Disaster relief and crisis support managers and leaders encourage employee
tools and resources for this important element engagement, improved physical and mental Local champions
With the safety of our employees and their
of overall well-being. well-being, as well as more opportunities to
families paramount, we continually monitor Well-being champions and Mind Well
facilitate innovative thinking and improved
natural disasters and other critical events champions have a vested interest in achieving
Retirement savings motivation, all of which are necessary to
around the world to ensure we provide support personal health and well-being, as well as
our success.
Worldwide, we offer core and ancillary financial when and where needed. For example, in 2024, encouraging their colleagues to be well. Our
security and retirement benefits that routinely we provided relief to those affected by the champions are integral to the success of our
Campaign months
rank among the most valuable and progressive war in the Middle East, Storm Boris in Eastern culture of well-being. Champions provide
of other large multinational corporations. We Europe and several storms in the U.S., all of Throughout the year, we have global campaigns local support to increase awareness, visibility
have more than 112 pension plans (including which included temporary housing, financial focused on a specific month’s theme. For and participation in well-being programs and
defined benefit, cash balance and defined assistance and mental health support. example, both May (Mental Health Awareness initiatives. Local groups often coordinate cancer
contribution plans) across 39 countries, Month) and October (October 10 is World runs, philanthropic charity events and mental
well-being campaigns, often in conjunction
with local Employee Business Resource Group
(EBRG) chapters.
Compensation, benefits and other employment
terms and conditions may vary based
on country, employee group and status,
collective bargaining agreements and local
legal requirements. In 2024, various union
collective bargaining groups and work councils
represented approximately 21% of our global
employee population.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 57
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Global diversity
and inclusion
To better fulfill our commitment to optimal public health outcomes, we pride
ourselves on a longstanding commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive
work environment—one that nurtures creativity, empowers innovation and
promotes efficiency and enhanced collaboration. These practices include
accounting for the social determinants of health, like transportation to health
care services and educational background, to design better commercialization
strategies while using employee insights to improve performance.
We remain committed to promoting an environment of respect, engagement
and empowerment and we are intentional in providing equal opportunities
to all employees.
Goals 2024
Maintain or exceed our current employee engagement index score
On track
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section: by 2025
GRI 405 GRI 405-1
Maintain or exceed our current inclusion index score by 2025 On track
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 58
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to diversity and inclusion
Holistic and comprehensive, our Global Governance and The Global Disability Inclusion success across three areas of focus: business
Diversity & Inclusion (GD&I) strategy insights and integration, talent acquisition
Strategy Council
commitments
includes our employees, customers, patients and development, and community outreach
and stakeholders around the world. This Comprised of representatives from across and social responsibility.
Our CEO reinforces our commitment to
strategy, a core component of our enterprise- the business, this council works to create
inclusion as a strategic business imperative by:
wide plan, drives long-term, sustainable and support a disability-inclusive culture by Global Diversity & Inclusion
business performance, as well as innovation, • Approving intentional efforts to ensure offering guidance on topics including universal
Business Consortium
collaboration and agility among our employees. equality of opportunity for all design, reasonable accommodation, digital
We have five GD&I ambassador teams that accessibility and communication. It recognizes GD&I Business Consortium members are
• Conferring with our chief HR officer and chief
drive the implementation of our strategy that full inclusion of people with disabilities business leaders from throughout the
diversity and inclusion officer on innovation
through all levels of the organization. increases creativity, innovation and productivity enterprise. The consortium improves our
opportunities and business solutions
for employees, customers, external partners business performance by integrating diversity
Our GD&I strategy focuses on the following
The Policies of our Board of Directors reflect and suppliers. and inclusion (D&I) principles and strategies
four areas:
the value of different perspectives, experiences into our business processes and objectives.
• Our People: We value a workforce with varied and backgrounds in driving inclusion, enhancing The Global Diversity and Inclusion This creates a competitive business advantage
backgrounds, perspectives and experiences deliberations and contributing to the Board’s that drives greater shareholder value and
Extended Human Resources
effectiveness in representing the long-term enhances our ability to deliver on our purpose.
• Our Culture: We ensure accountability to
Leadership Team
interests of our Company and shareholders. Selected from key business functions,
drive an inclusive culture
consortium members develop holistic and
This team of HR colleagues from across the
• Our Business: We leverage inclusion to
GD&I ambassador teams enterprise supports the global organization inclusive approaches to eliminate barriers
ensure business value
that patients and customers encounter in
by facilitating the successful adoption and
• Our World: We transform the environment, Our GD&I Center of Excellence (GD&I CoE) integration of fairness and inclusion into our their pursuit of optimal health outcomes.
culture and business landscape provides comprehensive guidance and support practices, programs, policies and systems.
to five GD&I ambassador teams. These A key outcome is to enable a fair and inclusive Diversity and Inclusion Divisional/
ambassador teams meet regularly to share culture—one that attracts, engages, develops, Regional Council Steering Committee
challenges and best practices, to provide the motivates and retains talent globally.
Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer with updates Chairpersons of the senior-level divisional and
on priorities, and to align with our GD&I regional D&I Councils make up this committee,
Employee Business Resource Group
strategy. These ambassador teams represent and the divisional and regional D&I councils
Executive Leadership Council
the work of the many councils, Employee develop strategies and initiatives across
Business Resource Group (EBRG) chapters, The EBRG Executive Leadership Council is our four GD&I strategy pillars of people,
communities of practice and other groups comprised of the global leaders of each of our culture, business and world. The steering
throughout the Company who foster a culture 10 EBRGs. This council works closely with the committee meets several times a year to
of inclusion and belonging for all employees and GD&I CoE and other cross-functional teams share best practices, collaborate on initiatives
advance health access for all the patients and to ensure the EBRGs have the resources, and receive updates from the Chief Diversity
communities we serve. guidance and expertise needed for their and Inclusion Officer.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 59
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Cultivating an inclusive Employee Business Resource Groups Allyship The Time Harmony Initiative, developed by
our Allyship Working Group and the Asia Pacific
workplace An EmWpelo vyaeleu eB uthsein ceosns tRriebsuotuiorcnes Gouroru p (EBRG) At our Company, we define an ally as someone Association EBRG, is an excellent example
is a gr1o0u EpB oRf Gems mploakyee etso wouitrh i nac cluomsivme on interest who acts in support of others to uphold of allyship at our Company. This initiative
An inclusive culture is fueled by behaviors and who sceurlvteu raes aannd e oduurc abtuiosinnaels asn pdr icourlittuiersa.l a culture of inclusion. Allies offer support looks to create a meaningful and impactful
outcomes that demonstrate a commitment resouOrcuer f EoBr eRmG pmloeymeebse arsnhdi pb uiss oinpeesns tuon aitlls even when they do not belong to the group conversation within the organization to:
to respect, values and trust for all people, withine mthpel oCyoemesp.a Inny 2. 0E2B4R,G wse a dlseov seelorvpee da s directly affected by the non-inclusive behavior. raise awareness, implement cultural changes
regardless of their perspectives, background ambapssraodceosrsse esx atenrdn satllryu icnt uwraeyss t toh sautp epnohratn ce Everyone, regardless of job title or level of and introduce real-life practices to address
or experiences. In 2024, we prioritized the Cothmep garnoyw’st rhe opfu otautri oEnB aRnGds ,p arensde wncee in responsibility, can be an ally. In support of a the challenges of working across time zones
psychological safety and allyship to advance a the coemndmeudn 2it0ie2s4 w whitehr e3 w00e EseBeRkG t aclheanptt aenrds culture of inclusion for all, we have an Allyship and finding work-life balance with nighttime
more inclusive workplace culture. Psychological pursuaen bdu msinoeres st hoapnp o2r5t,u0n0i0ti eEsB. REGm bodying our Learning Journey that includes self-directed calls and global collaborations. Several of
safety enables employees to engage openly, commmitemmebnet rtso a drioffuenrde ntth eco wnosrtlidtu. encies and resources and a virtual simulation that can our EBRGs also have allyship activities or
facilitating innovation and collaboration. to enhancing communication and belonging, help employees practice their skills and gain initiatives to bring employees together to
Allyship cultivates support and solidarity among EBRG + s s F tr o e r n m g o th re e n in t fo h r e m g a lo ti b o a n l , l p ea le d a e s r e s hip pipeline understanding of colleagues who may have share cultural understanding and practical
groups and individuals. A strong foundation for while pro v v is id it i n th g e c E u m ltu p r lo al y ly e e r e B le u v s a in n e t s i s n sights and different lived experiences and backgrounds. skills, and to enhance their communication
inclusion ultimately leads to a more engaged Resource Groups page on our
sensitivities that help drive our success. and collaboration skills.
workforce and a deeper sense of belonging, corporate website.
which are crucial for fostering high-performing
teams and creating positive business outcomes.
Our employee Pulse Survey is an opportunity
for employees to provide candid feedback on
topics such as engagement, work practices,
inclusion and our mission. Informed by these
regular surveys, we integrate employee input
into our decision-making processes across the
organization. In 2024, 80% of respondents felt
a sense of belonging. We remain committed to
maintaining or exceeding our current employee
engagement and inclusion indexes through
2025. The indexes are calculated based on
responses to questions related to employees’
sense of belonging, engagement and perception
of inclusive leadership within the organization.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 60
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Opportunities for people Expanding our • Year Up United, a nonprofit that offers pool for entry-level roles in manufacturing,
economically disadvantaged youth six research and development and commercial
with disabilities
talent pipeline
months of training followed by a six-month operations across the business.
We are committed to a culture of inclusion and corporate internship
Through our outreach efforts, we strive to
belonging for all people with disabilities and to Veterinary Scholarship Program
• OpenClassrooms, an organization that
attract and recruit qualified talent from a
ensure that all our employees have equal access
administers Department of Labor- Our scholarship program offers grants to all
variety of backgrounds and experiences and
to opportunities in both the digital and physical
Certified apprenticeship programs outstanding students of the different veterinary
with varied perspectives. We focus on removing
environments. Our global digital accessibility
(Skills-First apprentices) science disciplines to further their education as
barriers that may limit access to the candidate
policy and program seeks to advance inclusive
they pursue careers in animal medicine and care.
pool and working with partners to expand
design standards across our digital landscape In 2024, we were honored to welcome 94
In 2024, we supported students representing
our reach to untapped talent pools. In 2024,
for the internal workforce, as well as patients Year Up interns and 10 Skills-First apprentices
livestock species and companion animals, and
we furthered collaborations between Global
and consumers. Our universal design standards to our team. We place these individuals in
we gave scholarships to veterinary technicians
Talent Acquisition, the GD&I COE, business
for our facilities seek to provide ease of physical positions across various fields, including
for the first time. Last year, over $1.5 million
units and EBRGs to ensure our outreach efforts
access for all employees and guests. Going digital marketing, data analytics, information
in scholarships were awarded to 220 students
aligned with business needs and our objective
beyond the Americans with Disabilities Act, technology and project management. One-
representing all regions of the world.
to attract, recruit, hire and retain the best
advancing digital and physical access helps third of the Year Up and Skills-First apprentices
talent available.
support a culture of inclusion and belonging. transitioned into full-time or contractor
Strategic partnerships
positions upon completion of their programs.
+ For more information on our disability inclusion Skills-First talent strategy
efforts, please visit our corporate website. The GD&I CoE partners with external
Development of talent
Our Skills-First talent strategy is a organizations to ensure we are on the leading
in the industry
transformative approach that redefines edge of D&I practices. We leverage these
our methods for attracting, developing and partnerships for professional development
We partner with MANRRS in the U.S. to
promoting talent. For relevant positions, opportunities for all employees, talent
support the development of talent from
this strategy emphasizes skills rather than a engagement and recruitment, health
the agricultural sciences and related fields.
four-year degree, fostering equal access to access activities, educating students about
MANRRS provides exposure to a variety of
meaningful career opportunities for all. career opportunities in our industry, and
career paths available in the animal health
showcasing our leadership in creating an
In 2024, in alignment with our Skills-First talent industry, in addition to the veterinary field,
inclusive workplace. Our EBRGs engage
strategy, we posted over 1,100 positions that which includes the growing areas of connected
with partner programs and resources to
did not require a four-year degree. Among technology and other smart data products
further their strategic priorities, including
those hired for these roles, 40% had less than a and services.
professional and leadership development
four-year degree. In 2024, the number of Skills-
and community engagement.
First employees totaled approximately 2,500 Future Talent Rotational Program
employees, an 8% increase over 2023. + For more information about our external
This 15-month rotational experience in our
partnerships and outreach, please visit our
Key partners in our Skills-First efforts include: Animal Health division is open to undergraduate
corporate website.
students attending universities in the U.S.
• OneTen, a coalition of leading companies
It includes rotations in three different functional
driving a Skills-First movement to unlock
areas to expose students to various career
career opportunities for talent without four-
opportunities. The program serves as a talent
year degrees

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 61
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Workforce representation
The following table reflects our workforce representation as of the end of 2024.
Native Hawaiian American
Employee representation by
Black/African or other Pacific Indian or Alaska
Workforce gender Male Female EEO category (U.S.) (2024) Hispanic White American Islander Asian Native 2 or more races
Board 54% 46% Board¹ 0% 77% 15% 0% 0% 0% 8%
Executive 67% 33% Executive2 0% 58% 17% 0% 17% 0% 0%
Senior management 61% 39% Senior management3 5% 72% 7% 0% 11% 0% 2%
All managers 53% 46% All managers4 6% 68% 6% 0% 16% 0% 1%
All employees 48% 52% All employees 7% 60% 9% 0% 18% 0% 2%
New hires 47% 53% New hires 10% 50% 12% 0% 24% 0% 2%
Promotions 45% 55% Promotions 7% 61% 9% 0% 18% 0% 2%
1 As of January 1, 2025.
2 “Executive” is defined as the Company’s executive team listed on our corporate website.
3 “Senior management” is defined as an individual holding either a Vice President or Senior Vice President title.
4 “Managers” is defined as all managers with direct reports other than Executives.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 62
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Health and safety
As a global health care company, we prioritize health and safety in our
workplace. Through our comprehensive Global Safety and Environment (GSE)
program, we aim to reduce risks to eliminate work-related injuries, illnesses
and unplanned events from our operations. Our commitment includes full
compliance with relevant safety laws and regulations, and our own internal
safety standards. We continuously strive to achieve safety performance that
sets us apart as a leader in the pharmaceutical industry.
All personnel, including employees, service providers, and Company-managed
contractors, must adhere to the requirements of our safety management
system. We ensure compliance through site audits and peer reviews for
construction projects.
Each year, we establish internal safety targets and monitor both leading and
lagging safety metrics. To maintain consistency and benchmark our injury rates
with other multinational corporations, we use the U.S. Occupational Safety and
Health Administration (OSHA) record-keeping criteria to track work-related
injuries and illnesses. It is mandatory to report and thoroughly investigate all
incidents involving our employees to identify the root cause. We then require
corrective and preventative actions to prevent recurrence.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 403 GRI 403-1 GRI 403-2 GRI 403-3 GRI 403-5 GRI 403-6 GRI 403-9
GRI 403-10
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 63
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to health and safety
We continually strive to maintain a safe We have a strong focus on promoting Process safety Non-routine
and healthy working environment for all mindfulness at work and fostering a culture that
hazardous work
employees, contractors and visitors. We foster proactively identifies and eliminates hazards. Our process safety program is designed to
a culture of safety excellence that is built on To do that, we have implemented a safety culture identify, control and manage risks associated
We have developed global safety standards
integrity, accountability, collaboration and program that cultivates a shared responsibility with the manufacturing of our products. This
and permit-to-work systems to minimize the
active employee participation, and we seek to between leaders and employees, to proactively program applies to all operations subject to
potential for serious incidents when working at
continuously improve our systems, processes address hazards and minimize the likelihood of process safety regulations and to our pilot
heights, entering confined spaces or working
and standards in support of that culture. future incidents and injuries. plants, manufacturing facilities and utility
on or near machinery, piping and electrical
areas where process hazards may be present.
In 2024, we improved safety compliance by Our GSE management system includes systems. Our goal is to create a rigorous and
Additionally, we implement a systematic
upgrading digital systems, enhancing data comprehensive programs to reduce or eliminate safe approach to risk reduction for non-routine,
chemical reaction hazard review program
analytics and strengthening site teams’ safety safety risks. These include safe facility design, high-hazard work activities.
across our research laboratories.
capabilities. These initiatives empowered non- engineering controls, protection systems
safety experts to better manage site safety and emergency response capabilities. Our In the early stages of process and product Capital projects
compliance, and enabled leaders to make GSE system is supported by a strong culture development, we proactively conduct
construction safety
better safety decisions more quickly. built on visible leadership, active employee assessments of chemical reactions and perform
engagement, and proactive hazard identification thermal hazard testing of our intermediate
We have a strong construction safety program
and elimination. Employee Safety Committees materials and products. These efforts aim to
with a focus on zero harm to people, property
at our sites demonstrate active engagement in identify and mitigate potential reactivity, fire
and the environment. Our Global Engineering
safety practices, with workers and management and explosion hazards, as well as environmental
Solutions (GES) group oversees hundreds
collaborating to proactively address safety issues. risks. This testing continues throughout the
of contractors and thousands of skilled
lifecycle of each process and product, ensuring
We continuously improve our safety programs craft workers on our construction projects
we thoroughly understand and effectively
by proactively identifying work-related hazards worldwide. We integrate safety into every stage
manage associated risks.
through hazard identification programs, risk of our construction projects, beginning with
assessment programs and by implementing Our process safety professionals conduct concept and design, through to detailed design,
controls to eliminate or reduce risks. We comprehensive Process Hazard Analyses construction, commissioning and qualification.
frequently review these risk assessments for (PHAs) to thoroughly evaluate our operations.
Our construction safety program mandates
accuracy. Additionally, we investigate all safety These structured reviews are integral to the
pre-job planning, hazard assessments and daily
incidents, identify root causes and implement entire process lifecycle and occur during
safety checks. We also conduct peer reviews
controls to address underlying causes and management of change. They focus on
by bringing together in-house engineers,
prevent future incidents. identifying opportunities to implement
contractors, safety construction experts and
inherently safer designs, which enhances the
We have evaluated the ISO 18001 Standard for other partners to conduct thorough safety
effectiveness of our facility design, equipment,
Occupational Health and Safety Management evaluations and share best practices.
operating controls and maintenance procedures
Systems but have opted not to pursue
by identifying, evaluating and mitigating
certification. We are confident our existing GSE
process-related hazards.
management systems are effective and meet
our desired safety performance targets.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 64
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
There continues to be a negative trend in the safety procedures in order to monitor we conduct pre-planning activities for credible This process ensures we maintain a high
availability of contractors and craft resources compliance activities associated with their emergencies, including process upsets, fires, standard of loss prevention, corresponding to
for construction. That means we must manage scope of services, as well as to meet safety- spills, releases, severe weather events and the level of operational risk, monetary value
resource availability issues and varied levels of related performance objectives. A central security-related incidents. and supply chain importance.
experience and safety competencies. GES uses governance team manages our IFM partners.
Site-specific emergency response procedures
a “hyper-care” program to ensure supervision The governance process includes dedicated Industrial hygiene
include incident reporting and management,
and safety oversight of new contractors, resources to measure, monitor and evaluate
personnel evacuation, and medical and and biological safety
high-risk work scope contractors and less- partners’ safety performance, as well as
incident response and control. We routinely
experienced contractors. adherence to our requirements. IFM partners
conduct emergency response drills and train Our Industrial Hygiene (IH) and Biological
proactively follow a continuous improvement
GES also uses a rigorous, third-party employees in job- and site-specific emergency Safety programs prioritize the health and
process that establishes specific targets for
prequalification program, Highwire, to evaluate response duties. safety of our employees, customers and
our governance to monitor.
and score contractors and subcontractors. communities by identifying, assessing and
Many of our manufacturing plants have on-
This tool evaluates contractors’ safety managing various hazards and risks in both
Motor vehicle safety site, trained emergency response teams and
programs, safety performance, safety incident research and manufacturing environments.
mobile fire and rescue apparatus that can
rates, experience modifier rate and training In line with industry-leading best practices,
Our motor vehicle safety program promotes a respond to fires, medical emergencies, technical
verification of craft. GES also reviews any both programs use a hierarchy of controls that
strong safety culture for our employees who rescues and spills/releases. These teams often
regulatory citations prior to allowing bids includes prevention, substitution, engineering
operate vehicles to conduct our business. collaborate with community-based emergency
on projects. controls, administrative controls and personal
The program aims to reduce the number and responders and can provide off-site assistance
protective equipment (PPE).
severity of motor vehicle accidents and injuries, when requested.
Safety for non-Company
along with a reduction in driving violations. We build safety into our designs for new
personnel Our global motor vehicle safety standards Loss prevention processes and facilities by eliminating risks,
and programs, including predictive analytics substituting less hazardous materials or
We require contractors working at our sites to assessments, help us develop employee- We proactively assess and manage the risks processes, and installing effective engineering
follow a prequalification and EHS evaluation specific defensive driving action plans. They also associated with fires and natural catastrophes and operational controls. Ongoing monitoring
process as specified in our Global Contractor promote safe driving skills and behaviors among (e.g., hurricanes, floods, windstorms and and verification of these controls is essential to
Management Standard. They are assigned an our sales and marketing employees, the primary earthquakes) through our Loss Prevention ensure their effectiveness.
internal “contractor liaison” to monitor safety operators of our business-use vehicles. Program. This program eliminates or reduces
In 2024, we supported our dynamic and
compliance, perform safety inspections and the impact of potential loss events through:
rapid business growth by updating the
evaluations, and ensure they follow their safety Emergency preparedness
• Facility and process designs
Corporate Industrial Hygiene standard and the
compliance plans. Contractors must report
and response • Inspection, prevention and Corporate Biosafety Manual. These projects
and investigate all safety incidents and near-
maintenance procedures support improved IH and Biological Safety
miss events. They also work with site-based
We prioritize incident prevention through compliance. In addition, we developed curated
contacts to identify and implement corrective • Fire suppression, detection and specialized
equipment and facility design, operational technical content in both IH and Biosafety
and preventive actions, which are tracked protection systems
and maintenance procedures, and employee capability centers, tailored to specific roles and
to completion.
training. We also maintain emergency • Emergency response and business responsibilities within our Company. This digital
Integrated Facilities Management (IFM) preparedness and response capabilities to continuity programs shift to focused content is intended to facilitate
partners are globally sourced companies effectively respond to unplanned incidents. Our robust decision-making and sustain work
We regularly engage renowned external loss
responsible for supporting our facility- emergency response programs safeguard our efficiency at our sites.
prevention engineering service providers to
related tasks. We require IFM partners to employees, visitors, the environment, nearby
inspect our facility designs and modifications.
follow our safety standards and site-specific communities and physical assets. Additionally,

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 65
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Ergonomics required topics to build employee health and To achieve our occupational health objectives, • Education and training: We provide health
safety training plans. These plans comply with we focus on seven key areas: and safety education and training programs
We are dedicated to protecting our employees internal and regulatory requirements for each to ensure employees understand health
• Global employee health governance:
through a proactive ergonomic program that country and are reviewed periodically to ensure hazards and necessary precautions. We
The Chief Human Resources Officer serves
prioritizes their well-being across all work they are current. continuously invest in the professional
as the senior official advising the Executive
locations, including manufacturing, research development of our certified occupational
Team on occupational health strategies
Health and safety training materials
and offices. The program systematically health team.
and policies. Together, our chief HR officer,
are available in both instructor-led and
identifies and mitigates ergonomic risks
Senior Vice President of Compensation and • Role of management: Managers are
e-learning formats.
using the hierarchy of controls.
Benefits, and Vice President of Global Safety responsible for facilitating and ensuring their
Our global standards define health and safety and Environment collaborate on occupational employees’ access to occupational health
We promote employee involvement in
training expectations for employees: health and safety matters. They are the services and for guaranteeing adherence
ergonomic workplace assessments and
executive sponsors of the program. to occupational health policies and any
risk identification, fostering a culture of • Manager training covers specific
applicable local requirements. Managers may
safety and accountability. We identify and responsibilities with regard to health • Prevention and risk minimization:
also provide input into occupational health
implement better ergonomic workstation and safety compliance Risk reduction and illness prevention are
policy and strategies. Similarly, we expect
design to reduce the likelihood of soft tissue • Professional training expands essential for maintaining employee health.
division and business unit leaders to enable
injuries. Our Ergonomic Engineering Design technical expertise Occupational Health Services works closely
their teams to give input on such strategies,
Standard integrates ergonomic principles into with safety colleagues to identify workplace
• Employee training covers the specific policies and programs. Above all, leaders
all capital projects, featuring an Engineering hazards and evaluate potential health risks,
information they require for their jobs, ensure adequate resources to support
Design Checklist that includes a review taking proactive steps through medical
focusing on hazards they encounter on the occupational health programs.
of manual material-handling tasks. When surveillance programs to minimize and
job and any corresponding control measures
engineering controls are not feasible, we adopt eliminate hazards. • Collaboration with GSE colleagues:
administrative measures like job rotation and Occupational Health Services partners daily
• Quality assurance: We ensure compliance
Occupational
ergonomic training. with GSE colleagues to assess workplace
with occupational health policies and
health hazards, develop and review
Health Services procedures through a quality assurance
Our Office Ergonomics program, which extends
occupational health programs, prevent
program applicable to both staff and vendors.
to remote and hybrid workers, promotes
adverse health issues, and track safety
Occupational health principles apply to
healthy work practices and has proven effective • Global standards and communication:
performance through collaboration with
all employees and directly supervised
in preventing ergonomic-related injuries. In We continuously improve our occupational
site health professionals.
contingent workers. We promote compliance
addition, our office workstation assessments health programs by adapting policies and
with applicable occupational health laws
and ergonomic furniture policy equip employees procedures to address changing workplace
and internal policies, often exceeding local
to optimize their workstations. hazards while aligning health performance
regulatory requirements. We maintain strict
with corporate objectives. We foster
confidentiality of workers’ personal health-
openness and respectful dialogue with our
Training on occupational
related information, following Company privacy
employees, anticipating and responding to
health and safety protocols and regulatory requirements. We concerns about our operations.
also prioritize continuous improvement by
Health and safety training is critical to build objectively assessing occupational health
employees’ competencies and to improve initiatives and addressing changing hazards,
compliance, reduce risks and drive continuous internal measurements, external benchmarking
improvement. GSE professionals complete and best practices.
an assessment of site activities and identify

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 66
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Promotion of worker health We maintain close working relationships with
site management and health professionals
Global Occupational Health Services provides to enhance awareness of workplace
workers with access to health services and health hazards.
addresses health risks to promote and maintain
Employee health is a top priority for us, and
employee well-being. We offer a variety of
we strive to continuously improve our health
occupational and health care services, including:
programs by communicating global policies,
• Medical clearances for job placement and
conducting regulatory audits and providing
evaluation of employees’ ability to perform
oversight for our occupational health initiatives.
job tasks
We provide a global Employee Assistance
• Voluntary reproductive health hazard
Program that grants employees free access to
assessment for all workers, upon request
mental health resources, including counseling
• Assessments to identify potential
and coaching. Our Global Benefits team actively
health hazards and medical surveillance
promotes awareness of well-being and mental
programs ensuring compliance with
health. We also offer health, mental well-
regulatory requirements
being and wellness resources like group sports
• Consultations aimed at preventing injuries activities, access to gym facilities, smoking
and illnesses, particularly those related to cessation campaigns, health screenings, as well
travel and specific workplace risks as trainings and educational conferences on
various health topics organized by the Benefits
• Vaccination campaigns, including flu
and Occupational Health Services teams and
and other preventive vaccines
our Employee Business Resource Groups.
• Management of work-related injuries or
illnesses at our on-site clinics and referral to + For more information on our Employee
specialized medical services when necessary Assistance Program, see page 55 in the
Employees section of this report.
• Where on-site Health Services clinics are
present, certified health care professionals
+ For more information on our health promotion
provide on-site emergency care for
and mental well-being programs, see our
employees with both occupational and
Well-being Report on our corporate website.
non-occupational injuries and illnesses.
Additionally, dedicated teams of trained
first responders are present at all locations.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 67
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Global safety performance (employees)
Lost Time Total Recordable
In 2024, our Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) was 0.11 and our Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) was 0.28.
Injuries by business area 2024 Cases % of total Cases % of total
There were 0 employee fatalities in 2024.
In 2024, our top three types of recordable injuries were: Manufacturing (Merck Manufacturing Division) 34 37% 114 47%
• 32% related to slips, trips and falls
Animal Health including Biopharma and Technology 21 23% 42 17%
• 22% related to being struck by or caught in
Human Health 16 17% 35 14%
• 21% related to ergonomics
We prioritize the proactive identification of hazards through reporting and analysis. Our approach Research (Merck Research Labs) 14 15% 34 14%
includes eliminating high-risk tasks, improving engineering controls, and performing coaching and
Global support functions (Legal, HR, IT, GSE, etc.)3 7 8% 17 7%
training to empower individuals to recognize and mitigate safety risks.
Total 92 100% 242 99%
Global safety performance (employees) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 3 Facility Management has been incorporated into Global Support Functions for 2024 reporting.
Workplace safety
Lost Time Total Recordable
Recordable Incident Rate (RIR)¹ 0.16 0.20 0.26 0.28 0.28
Injuries by causal factor 2024 Cases % of total Cases % of total
RIR percentage change (47)% 25% 31% 8% —%
Slips/trips/falls 39 42% 78 32%
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR)¹ 0.05 0.08 0.06 0.11 0.11
Struck by/caught in 14 15% 54 22%
Fatalities² 0 0 1 1 0
Ergonomic 18 20% 52 21%
¹ (a) LTIR/RIR: Calculated per the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) methodology.
(b) Injury rates are subject to change over time as new cases are added and case classifications change in accordance with our own Motor vehicle 13 14% 24 10%
requirements and applicable regulatory requirements.
² In 2022 and 2023, the fatality was transportation-related. Biological exposure 0 —% 4 2%
Non-ergonomic 2 2% 7 3%
Physical/environmental exposure 2 2% 3 1%
Other 3 3% 11 5%
Chemical exposure 1 1% 9 4%
Total 92 99% 242 100%

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 68
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
In 2024, we saw a decrease in our collisions per million miles figure. Our motor vehicle safety program
uses a risk-based approach for assigning online defensive driving training, where the lowest-risk
drivers complete training annually and high-risk drivers complete training quarterly. Training focuses
on the common causes of motor vehicle accidents and risky behaviors.
Global safety performance (employees) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Motor vehicle safety
Collisions per million miles (CPMM)¹ 5.07 6.11 4.58 7.20 5.98
¹ CPMM: Reflects both personal and business use of Company-owned or -leased vehicles.
Global safety performance (non-employees–capital
projects construction contractors)
In 2024, our Global Engineering Solutions–Capital Project spent 4,836,061 work hours
in construction.
Global safety performance (non-employees–facility
In 2024, we completed 62 peer safety reviews on projects.
management contractors)
The construction RIR result was 0.50. The actual construction Days Away, Reassigned or Transferred
(DART) rate was 0.17. Lastly, construction projects had 70,079 Tap Ins (safety observations) reported In 2024, our IFM employees had 4,243,778 work hours and our permanent contractors working
in 2024. on site had 3,286,619 work hours. The IFM RIR was 0.66 and the LTIR was 0.37.
Global safety performance (non-employees) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Global safety performance (non-employees) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Capital projects construction safety Facility management contractor safety
RIR2 0.60 0.28 0.50 0.56 0.50 RIR3 0.35 0.60 0.59 1.01 0.66
DART2 0.24 0.11 0.21 0.23 0.17 LTIR3 0.26 0.27 0.28 0.73 0.37
Fatalities2 0 0 0 0 0 Fatalities4 0 0 0 0 1
¹ (a) Primarily reflects capital projects over $100,000 managed by our global engineering group. 3 (a) LTIR/RIR: Calculated per the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) methodology.
(b) RIR: Calculated per the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) methodology. (b) Injury rates are subject to change over time as new cases are added and case classifications change in accordance with our own
(c) DART: Calculated per OSHA 300 methodology. requirements and applicable regulatory requirements.
(d) Injury rates are subject to change over time as new cases are added and case classifications change in accordance with our own 4 In 2024, the contractor fatality was related to a fall.
requirements and applicable regulatory requirements.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 69
Environmental
Topics covered:
Sustainability
Climate, energy and air emissions
Water
Our purpose to save and improve lives is inextricably linked to
Nature and biodiversity
fostering a healthy planet. It’s why we embed our commitment to
Waste
enabling a safe, sustainable and healthy future within our Corporate
Materials
Strategic Framework.
It’s also why we continuously build on our Our Environmental Sustainability strategy
long history of environmental stewardship has three focus areas: 1) Driving operational
and compliance, evolving our efforts in the efficiency; 2) Designing new products
face of a changing world. By mitigating our to minimize environmental impact; and
+ For environmental sustainability data
environmental impacts and dependencies, 3) Reducing any impacts in our upstream
and goal performance, please see the
we can also reduce cost and risk, and and downstream value chain.
Performance summary at the end of the
potentially preserve future opportunities
environmental sustainability section of
for product innovation.
this report.
Renewable Energy Sourcing Partnering with Suppliers 7
4 400+ Times since 2017 we have been
honored as a winner of the Green
Virtual Power Purchase Agreements Partnership engagements with
Chemistry Challenge Awards,
under contract to help us reach our suppliers in support of our efforts to
sponsored by the Environmental
renewable energy goal, including reduce GHG emissions. Representing
Protection Agency (EPA) and/or
one new solar facility in Texas that ~60% of our Scope 3 emissions
the American Chemical Society
commenced operation in 2024 in 2023

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 70
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Climate, energy
Goals
and air emissions
Reduce our operational GHG emissions (i.e., Scopes 1 & 2) 46% by 2030,
from a 2019 baseline¹
Reduce our value chain (Scope 3) GHG emissions by 30% by 2030,
from a 2019 baseline²
A healthy planet is essential to human and animal health and to the
sustainability of our business. We have a long history of environmental
Source 100% of our purchased electricity from renewable sources by 2025³
stewardship and compliance, and we realize our strategy and efforts need
to continuously evolve in the face of a changing climate.
Achieve net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scopes 1, 2 & 3) by 2045
As mentioned in our Access to Health section, we recognize the negative impact
¹ Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources such as on-site fuel combustion and fleet
climate change can have on health, and through our environmental stewardship vehicles. Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy consumed by the
reporting company.
and compliance, we are working to mitigate its effects.
² (a) Scope 3 GHG emissions include all other indirect emissions in a company’s value chain.
(b) In 2024, we initiated a work process with our suppliers to collect and report their activity data related to our Scope 3
emissions in place of our input/output spend modeled data, when available. Our 2019-2024 Scope 3 performance data
and goals were updated to include this data.
³ We have defined “purchased electricity” as electricity sourced from external suppliers as well as renewable electricity
that was generated and utilized on site where we retained the renewable attributes or where we have obtained
renewable attributes through contract.
Policies External charters, principles and
initiatives that we endorse or guide our
work on this topic:
Climate change
• Paris Climate Agreement
Business Partner Code of Conduct
• Science Based Target initiative (SBTi)
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section: • We Mean Business Coalition
• Task Force on Climate-Related
GRI 201-2 GRI 302 GRI 302-1 GRI 302-4 GRI 305 GRI 305-1 GRI 305-2
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
framework
GRI 305-3 GRI 305-4 GRI 305-5 GRI 305-6 GRI 305-7
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 71
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to climate, energy and air emissions
disclosed formal positions on climate change physical impacts include reduced access to high-
and, if so, reviewing those positions in the quality water in certain regions and the loss of
context of ours. biodiversity, which could impact future product
development. These risks could disrupt our
+ This assessment is on the Sustainability
operations and supply chain, which may result
Resources page of our corporate website.
in increased costs.
For a more detailed discussion of our views
on climate, see the Sustainability Resources New legal or regulatory requirements may be
page for our Public Climate Policy. enacted to prevent, mitigate or adapt to the
implications of a changing climate and its effects
on the environment. These regulations may
Climate risk assessment
differ across jurisdictions and could subject our
Company to various new requirements. These
The adverse impacts of climate change, or
include new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes,
legal, regulatory or market measures to address
increased compliance costs, restrictions on GHG
climate change, may negatively affect our
emissions, investment in new technologies,
business. Climate change exposes us to physical
increased carbon disclosure and transparency,
risks (such as extreme weather conditions
upgrade of facilities to meet new building codes
or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to
and the redesign of utility systems. All of these
a low-carbon economy (such as additional
changes could increase our operating costs,
legal or regulatory requirements, changes
including the cost of electricity and energy. Our
in technology, market risk and reputational
supply chain would likely be subject to these
risk), and social and human effects (such as
Scientific data support that climate change is In addition, we have continued to find ways to same transitional risks and would likely pass any
population dislocations and harm to health
occurring, and we are taking action to reduce decrease our energy demand and increase the increased costs to our Company, all of which may
and well-being). These risks can be either
the economic, human and animal health risks amount of renewable energy we purchase. In affect our ability to procure raw materials or other
acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term).
associated with a changing climate. our Business Partner Code of Conduct, we supplies at the quantities and levels required for
request that suppliers conserve energy and The adverse physical impacts of climate change our business.
We have adopted a set of climate goals to
engage in activities aimed at reducing GHG include increased frequency and severity of
help us succeed in an increasingly resource- While we understand the potential risks, there
emissions. Our Procurement team engages natural disasters and extreme weather events
constrained world. We developed these goals is limited data around the potential financial
strategic suppliers to reduce the environmental such as hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires
to align with the latest climate science and implications of these risks. In 2022/2023, we
impacts within our supply chain. (exacerbated by drought), flooding and extreme
to address the rising expectations of our performed a Task Force on Climate-related
heat. Extreme weather and sea-level rise pose
customers, investors, external stakeholders and We describe our approach to governance Financial Disclosures (TCFD) gap analysis. This
physical risks to our facilities as well as those of
employees regarding the environmental impact regarding climate-related issues in the included a high-level TCFD-aligned qualitative,
our suppliers. Such risks include losses incurred
of our operations and supply chain. Sustainability Governance section, page 11. physical and transitional climate risk and
as a result of physical damage to facilities,
opportunity scenario assessment to examine
We have committed to reaching net-zero In 2024, we conducted a climate policy loss or spoilage of inventory, and business
which parts of our business are at the highest risk
greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) by 2045 alignment assessment of trade associations interruption caused by natural disasters and
due to climate change and the associated costs.
across Scopes 1, 2 & 3, aligned with the by determining whether they had publicly extreme weather events. Other potential
SBTi criteria.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 72
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
We integrate these potential risks into our Projects and funding Committee—a cross-functional leadership our capital investments. This enhancement
business planning, including investments team responsible for ensuring our portfolio not only enables us to track and report on our
in reducing energy use, water use and To advance our journey toward achieving net- of capital projects aligns with our Company sustainability performance more effectively,
GHG emissions. zero GHG emissions, in 2024, we embedded strategy and long-range operating plan—has but also reinforces our commitment to
sustainability principles and funding into incorporated emissions impact into its decision- integrating environmental considerations into
We have prioritized these reductions by
all capital projects, regardless of their size making process by approving the Environmental our financial decision-making processes. It
establishing internal policies and practices
and scope. Sustainability Capital Principles that are now also demonstrates our dedication to aligning
focused on reducing energy use at our sites
reflected in our building design standards. financial decisions with environmental
and minimizing GHG generation throughout In 2024, we also made a strategic decision
This means the Committee now considers the sustainability goals within our standard capital
our Company. By taking these steps, we are not to prioritize the creation of our net-zero
GHG emissions impact of all proposed capital allocation business processes. This approach
only minimizing GHG emissions and mitigating roadmaps focused on energy consumption and
projects or investments, which will enable us will allow us to prioritize our investments that
the expected business impacts of future climate decarbonization projects for our top emitting
to achieve our goals. not only drive business value but also contribute
change regulations, but we also expect to sites across our Company. As part of this
to reducing our overall carbon footprint in
reduce operating costs. initiative, we have incorporated over 90 new In addition, we updated the systems used for
Scopes 1 & 2.
capital projects into our long-range capital plan. capital governance and reporting to provide
+ Additional information on the results of
To ensure the successful implementation of greater transparency around emissions and
our analysis using the TCFD framework are Carbon offsets
our net-zero roadmap, our Enterprise Capital sustainability-related spending for each of
available on the Sustainability Resources page
on our corporate website. In following the guidance of the SBTi, we do
not use carbon offsets against our near-term
(2030) SBTi approved Scope 1 & 2 and Scope 3
reduction targets.
When we reach our net-zero target, we will
neutralize any residual emissions with carbon
removals to reach net-zero emissions, in
compliance with the SBTi’s Net-Zero Standard.
Carbon offsets are used when required by
local, regional or national programs and in
certification initiatives such as LEED Zero.
+ For more information on our carbon offsets,
their procurement and application, see
the Sustainability Resources page on our
corporate website.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 73
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Energy use
We recognize the important role we play in analytical tools and best practice-sharing When appropriate, we leverage ISO principle Since 2016, 16 of our European sites have
identifying, adapting and responding to the opportunities for energy-saving projects. 50001:2018. This international standard aligned their site energy management programs
public health risks associated with climate The Environmental Compliance, Sustainability establishes rules for how organizations should to ISO 50001:2018 through certification.
change. Energy-demand reduction and and Stewardship CoE reviews environmental manage and improve their energy performance Certification means the organization is
renewable energy usage are essential to our data to monitor sites’ progress. Finally, teams via energy management systems (ENMS). managing energy in alignment with the global
climate mitigation strategy, as they positively across the Company support sites’ work toward The intent is to continually improve energy standard. In addition, an external accredited
impact our efforts to reduce our direct our goals. performance. Requirements associated with certification body carries out annual surveillance
GHG emissions. ISO 50001 that apply to both our European- audits, as well as recertification audits every
We redesigned our longstanding GENIUS
certified sites and our U.S. sites that three years, to ensure the ENMS are delivering
Our longstanding support of stronger health (Global Energy Network for Improvement in
participate in the Department of Energy (DoE) energy performance and system improvement.
systems in underserved areas is even more Usage & Supply) Program to prepare for the
50001 Ready Program will help us meet the In the U.S., seven of our sites have come
important given the evidence that certain significant increase in activity anticipated
proposed metrics. together as a cohort under the DoE 50001
disease patterns are associated with changing across our network to meet our net-zero goal.
Ready Program and are actively executing
climate conditions. GENIUS is our energy management program
on the requirements.
and supports our environmental sustainability
Programs and initiatives strategy and goals specific to energy and
climate. The redesign of the GENIUS Program
We have internal policies and practices uses two of the most recognized energy
focused on reducing energy use at our sites, management best practices, ENERGY STAR
including optimizing systems and equipment, and ISO 50001. The implementation of the
consolidating excess facility space and designing GENIUS Program’s Plan, Do, Check, Act (PDCA)
with the environment in mind. In addition, we Framework ensures our sites align their work
have launched initiatives to better understand to a structured energy-management program
and reduce our supply-chain-related impacts. and to our environmental sustainability strategy
By taking these steps, we are minimizing GHG and goals.
emissions, mitigating the business impacts
Through the redesign of the GENIUS Program,
associated with climate change and expecting
the Global Energy & Sustainability CoE
to reduce operating costs.
developed a series of supporting tools for sites,
Our manufacturing facilities, warehouses, including a program playbook, gap analysis,
laboratories, offices and vehicle fleet represent resource-requirements calculator, responsibility
the majority of our energy consumption matrix and site-specific standard operating
and are the primary targets of our energy procedure (SOP) templates for site energy
demand reduction programs. While each site is management program formalization. Our
responsible for managing its own energy use, current focus is on operationalizing the GENIUS
our Global Energy & Sustainability Center of Program across our sites and putting metrics
Excellence (CoE) supports them by providing in place to track status.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 74
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Employee engagement Facilities We have more than 5.6 million square feet of energy through the electrical grid and virtual
“green” real estate floor space, either completed power purchase agreement (VPPA) and power
Our employees have demonstrated We created tools such as the Low Carbon or under construction, with multiple buildings purchase agreement (PPA) projects.
collaboration in driving emission reductions Transition Playbook (LCTP) to support our sites’ receiving LEED certification—including five Gold
and promoting energy efficiency. energy reduction and transition plans. The LCTP ratings in 2024. In 2024, we conducted a gap assessment of
our global electricity use verses our current
is a living document resulting from a cross-
One example is the ongoing “See Green, Be + To learn more about our facilities renewable electricity sourcing. This assessment
functional effort that pulled together Company
Green” initiative launched by our Ireland sites and global LEED projects, see the will allow us to implement a strategy to reach
experts in a “design-thinking” workshop to
on World Earth Day 2021. This comprehensive Sustainability Resources page on and maintain our 2025 goal.
develop strategies to reduce GHG emissions.
and award-winning effort instills a sustainability our corporate website.
mindset in their operations, focusing on The LCTP includes a gap assessment for sites to Since 2019, our continued efforts at renewable
culture, biodiversity and carbon and waste evaluate the maturity of their energy programs. energy procurement have resulted in 209
reduction. It is a grassroots effort that has It also helps create short- and long-term plans Renewable energy MW of VPPA commitments. This includes our
successfully engaged employees and fostered to reduce sites’ carbon intensity, build toward second U.S. VPPA, the 58 MW Old 300 Solar
a sustainability culture throughout our Ireland a low-carbon future and plan for net-zero. We have committed to sourcing 100% of our project in Texas, which began operation in June
sites. The “See Green, Be Green” initiative has In 2024, we updated the latest version of the purchased electricity from renewable energy by 2024, and an additional VPPA contract, the
evolved each year to meet the needs of our Irish LCTP to include new technological solutions 2025. Photovoltaic (PV) arrays, wind turbines 51 MW Postigo Solar project in Spain, which
sites and the surrounding communities. The for energy reduction as well as an improved and other renewable energy installations avoid commenced operations in Q2 2025. The regional
program has created opportunities for best reporting interface to promote best practice- emissions, helping to reduce energy demand breakdown of these commitments is:
sharing across sites. peaks and to postpone or preclude adding new
practice-sharing through multi-site planning
“fossil-fuel” power plants. We continually look • North America: 118 MW
workshops. It has also focused on increasing its
All of our new buildings and major renovations
for opportunities for new on-site renewable
membership, which has generated new ideas. are built following cost-effective and energy- • Europe: 91 MW
energy generation, vendor-supplied renewable
In addition, “See Green, Be Green” has increased
efficient practices, and must reduce their GHG
its reach with frequent communication of the
emissions by a minimum of 50% compared
program’s results and related events.
to a similar building. They are designed to
meet the LEED rating system or a comparable
+ Click here to learn more about the “See Green,
standard (e.g., Building Research Establishment
Be Green” initiative. Energy Star
Environmental Assessment Method [BREEAM],
Excellence in Energy Efficiency Design [EXEED],
In March 2024, the U.S. EPA again recognized our Company with our 17th consecutive
Haute Qualité Environnementale [HQE], etc.).
Sustained Excellence Award. This is also the 19th consecutive year we have been
At minimum, our offices and laboratories
recognized by ENERGY STAR for excellence in energy management.
must achieve LEED Gold certification, and
manufacturing, warehouse and utility buildings In 2024, we continued to successfully use ENERGY STAR benchmarking tools such as the
must achieve LEED Silver certification. ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager to obtain the ENERGY STAR Certified Building label for
three buildings.
And for the 17th consecutive year, our Puerto Rico facility was awarded the ENERGY
STAR Pharma Energy Performance Indicator (EPI) for superior energy efficiency and
environmental performance among U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturing plants.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 75
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Vehicle fleet • Culture and ways of working: We strive to
integrate environmental sustainability into
We have a roadmap to electrify our fleet, our end-to-end procurement processes
focusing our efforts on mature markets with and ways of working. Over the past year,
the regulatory environment and infrastructure we continued to update our sourcing
to support our drivers during the transition. and contracting processes to include
Our current emphasis includes introducing both environmental sustainability in our decision-
battery electric and hybrid vehicles in the Asia making process, strengthening our value
Pacific and Latin America regions where there is chain with suppliers who have similar values
less infrastructure in place. As of January 2025, and objectives. We also launched training to
battery electric vehicles (BEVs) comprised 5.4% drive awareness and knowledge across our
of our running fleet, primarily representing Company. Additionally, we formed internal
Middle and Northern European markets, such partnerships across key business functions
as the UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Austria and to address emissions hotspots.
the Nordics. The largest drivers of our BEV
• Data optimization for greater impact:
rollout have been favorable tax and regulatory
In 2024, we continued to improve upon the
environments, as they incentivize drivers to
accuracy of our Scope 3 GHG data through
choose this type of vehicle. We expect to rollout
close collaboration with our suppliers and
pilots in the U.S. market in 2026.
strengthened measures to enhance our
Scope 3 data calculation, collection and
Our value chain reporting processes. In the upcoming
year, we plan to build upon this progress
GHG emissions
by implementing a digital platform to
facilitate supplier data integration and
In addition to initiatives to reduce our Scope
standardized reporting.
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, we have
significantly increased our efforts to reduce
Reporting and disclosure
our value chain impacts and associated Scope
driving partnership and raising awareness exchange of best practices in environmental
3 GHG emissions, which constitute the largest
of our GHG emissions
of our climate objectives to accelerate GHG sustainability, open discussions on common
portion of our GHG footprint. We have analyzed
reduction initiatives. By engaging suppliers challenges and cross-industry collaboration
and reported our Scope 3 impacts using primary
in a phased approach, we identify key ways to drive decarbonization. The event brought We report our GHG emissions as required by
activity data and accepted emission factors, in
to reduce GHG emissions and uncover together more than 400 supplier companies regulations in certain countries and annually
addition to an economic input-output model
additional tangible business benefits. from all procurement categories to focus on through our CDP disclosure, which CDP has
based on our third-party spend. Examples of
partnership, collective learnings and progress aligned to the TCFD reporting requirements.
our efforts are described below. • Collaboration and education: Both internal
on climate objectives. Through these efforts,
and external collaboration are cornerstones + Our CDP Questionnaire is available on our
• Supplier engagement initiatives: we equip our suppliers with the knowledge
of our strategy. In 2024, we launched Sustainability Resources page.
In 2023/2024, we successfully engaged and tools needed to positively contribute
the Sustainability Partner Exchange,
with over 400 key suppliers that account to our climate goals and reduce their own
an education and partnership series to
for approximately 60% of our total Scope climate impacts.
facilitate dialogue and knowledge-sharing
3 emissions (based on our 2023 reported
between our Company and our suppliers.
emissions), reinforcing our expectations,
This innovative initiative fosters the

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 76
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Other emissions
We are committed to controlling air emissions Production and research Fossil fuel combustion We strive to make our facilities more energy
from our facilities to reduce local, regional and efficient through our energy management
emissions emissions
global environmental impacts. Air emissions programs and to improve the fuel efficiency
are generated by our manufacturing and of our fleet vehicles. Our Company’s actions to
Many of our pharmaceutical manufacturing Air emissions are also generated by burning fuel
research operations, as well as by burning fuel reduce our GHG emissions to meet our public
processes, cleaning/disinfecting operations in our boilers and power-generation turbines
in on-site equipment and fleet vehicles. Our Air climate commitments will also reduce NOx, SOx
and research laboratories require the use of (for heat and energy) and by other combustion
Management Standard requires our facilities and VOC emissions.
solvents. Evaporation of solvents into the air is processes, such as thermal oxidizers (for
to quantify and control air emissions to comply
our primary source of volatile organic compound treating air emissions) and incinerators + For environmental sustainability data and goal
with applicable regulations and standards.
(VOC) emissions. In an effort to reduce VOCs, (for destroying waste). Our fleet vehicles performance, please see the Performance
Where regulations do not mandate emission
we’ve incorporated reductions in solvent usage and aircraft also burn fuel and generate air summary at the end of the environmental
quantification, our facilities are required to use
as an element of our Green & Sustainable emissions. These combustion processes result sustainability section of this report.
guidelines and tools associated with our Air
Science program. in emissions of carbon dioxide (CO₂), nitrogen
Management Standard to estimate emissions.
oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and VOCs.
We developed these guidelines and tools using
The key elements of the program include
EPA emission calculation methodologies.
designing efficient processes that use less
hazardous and/or reduced quantities of organic
Any increase in production can negatively
solvents. We also use water-based methods for
impact our emissions trends. While there are
cleaning our process equipment where it has
efforts to minimize solvent use in production,
been shown to be as effective as solvent-based
solvents are needed for cleaning and
methods. To reduce emissions from processes
disinfecting. The Montreal Protocol mandates
using organic solvents, we use pollution-control
phase-out of refrigerants that are ozone-
technologies, such as conservation vents,
depleting substances per schedules approved
carbon filters, thermal oxidizers, condensers
for individual countries. Our facilities strive to
and scrubbers.
maintain compliance with applicable regulatory
requirements, established in accordance with + For more information on this program,
each country’s commitments.
see pages 88-89.
Our Environmental Compliance CoE assists our
facilities in obtaining appropriate environmental
permits and in quantifying and controlling air
emissions to comply with applicable regulations
and emission standards.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 77
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Water
Access to clean water is vital for human health. Water is a key input to our
manufacturing operations, and we assess water risk throughout our network
as a standard business practice. As we strive to meet the needs of patients,
we understand that we may encounter water risk where we operate. Our global
water strategy, which supports United Nations Sustainable Development
Goal (SDG) 6: Clean Water and Sanitation, aims to achieve sustainable
water management within our operations and supply chain.
To meet these objectives, we are focusing on the following commitments:
• Ensuring our wastewater discharges comply with local and national
standards, as well as internal requirements
Goal
• Understanding and controlling our operational water footprint
Maintain global water use at or below 2015 levels
• Managing water risk at our facilities and in our supply chain
• Reporting publicly on our water usage and goals
Policies External charters, principles and
initiatives that we endorse or guide
our work on this topic:
Pharmaceuticals in the environment
• UN CEO Water Mandate
Responsible disposal of medicines
Water stewardship
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
Global Antimicrobial Resistance
Action Plan
GRI 303 GRI 303-1 GRI 303-2 GRI 303-3 GRI 303-4
Business Partner Code of Conduct
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 78
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to water use
Our Water Management Standard requires our In our Business Partner Code of Conduct, also support the SDG 15 goals, which “protect, Approximately 25 Company employees
facilities to comply with applicable water-related we request that suppliers conserve natural restore and promote sustainable use of participated in the planting event as a part of our
regulatory requirements and to minimize water- resources and engage in activities aimed at terrestrial ecosystems.” greater ongoing effort to maintain and improve
discharge-related impacts. In addition, our reducing water usage. We also ask that they the environment near Company facilities and
In 2024, along with One Tree Planted and
standard requires our facilities to identify water- have systems in place to quantify the amount drive employee engagement with sustainability.
Groundworks Elizabeth, we supported
reduction opportunities and to assess water of water used. The partnering organizations will maintain the
the planting of a microforest consisting of
risk in the watersheds where we operate. forest for a period of three years and work with
+ For more information on supplier engagement approximately 200 native trees in a park
the City and other partners on a long-term
Each site is responsible for managing its water on water-related topics, see page 77. less than a quarter mile from the Company’s
maintenance plan.
approach. The Environmental Compliance Rahway, N.J., global headquarters.
Center of Excellence (CoE) and Environmental As we develop our strategic approach to
A MicroForest is an innovative way of planting
Sustainability CoE review environmental data nature and biodiversity, we will continue to
trees to increase carbon sequestration,
to monitor sites’ progress. Above-site teams evaluate our water risks, opportunities, impacts
To help direct and track projects mitigate stormwater and enhance biodiversity
from across the Company support sites’ work and dependencies.
in support of our targets, we have and air quality. MicroForests are an oasis for
toward our goals.
developed a Water Conservation biodiversity, heal the environment and help + For more information on this approach and
Over the past few years, we have reported Playbook for our global sites. This connect the local community to nature. This additional habitat-restoration partnerships,
performance against our 2025 water goal consistent approach guides projects project used the Miyawaki method, densely please see the Biodiversity section (page 80).
and are on track to achieve it. Our sites across our global sites and fosters planting native species of trees that work
employ various technologies and techniques continuous improvement. together to create a diverse, multi-layered
Water as a shared resource
to reduce our water footprint and improve forest community. This creates a resilient
operational performance. and thriving ecosystem.
We assess water risk throughout our site
Our water-use reduction initiatives include: network as a standard business practice.
Stewardship
• Consideration of water use in process design Our process is:
• Cooling system optimization We have endorsed the UN CEO Water • We use the World Resource Institute’s (WRI)
• Prompt repairs and maintenance of steam Mandate, a public commitment to implement Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool as a first step.
distribution systems and traps a comprehensive approach to water The tool maps water risk, and each year we
management. We have aligned our program use the “Baseline Water Stress” indicator to
• Recovery and reuse of steam condensate
with its principles. Those who endorse the categorize our sites. The indicator is the ratio
and “reject water” (for non-potable and non-
CEO Water Mandate have a responsibility to of total annual water withdrawals to total
process applications such as cooling tower
prioritize water resource management and to annual renewable supply, and accounts for
feed water)
work with governments, UN agencies, non- upstream consumptive use. Higher stress
• Process water purification governmental organizations (NGOs), local values indicate more competition among
system optimization communities and others to address global water users.
• Avoiding the use of water in mechanical water challenges. We continue to identify
seals, such as those in pumps partnerships that will help us advance our
water stewardship priorities. These projects

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 79
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
• Basins identified as high or “extremely” high the above methodology and network changes, with industry-accepted risk assessment of the AMR Alliance Antibiotic Manufacturing
risk for water stress where sites are located we continue to have one site with a water methods, to establish procedures for managing Standard. We have reviewed the operations
are further assessed using a catchment- conservation plan in place. and controlling active pharmaceutical of our human health antibiotic manufacturing
specific approach ingredients (APIs) in their wastewater. facilities and third-party human health
The sites that use the most water in our
antibiotic suppliers to assess their wastewater
• High-risk sites meet one of the
network are in the U.S. Of these, seven are in Each facility uses the internal EQC standards to:
treatment controls. We also have developed a
following criteria:
areas of “high” or “extremely high” Baseline
• Assess the potential risk from its operations mechanism for transparently demonstrating
• Located in basins confirmed to be Water Stress according to the WRI Aqueduct
using science-based and industry-accepted that our supply chain meets the standards in
experiencing high or extremely high Water Risk Atlas tool. However, after further
risk assessment methods this framework, which was presented in the
water stress through the catchment- evaluation as described in the bullets above,
AMR Industry Alliance Progress Report.
• Minimize environmental impacts from
specific approach these sites are considered medium risk.
wastewater discharges in the local watershed
We participate in efforts to address water
• Known to experience water risk,
regardless of the WRI Aqueduct Water discharge-related • Establish procedures for managing, treating discharge-related impacts with various
or controlling APIs in wastewater prior to organizations, including the European
Water Risk Atlas tool assessment
impacts
discharge, where needed Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries
• Water conservation plans are put in place at
and Associations (EFPIA). The EFPIA,
high-risk sites that use more than 100,000 We conduct environmental risk assessments Our facilities are provided with API treatment
Medicines for Europe and the Association
m3 of water per year. We work with a third- on our products (small molecules, biologics and or reduction technology such as advanced
of the European Self-Care Industry (AESGP)
party expert to evaluate opportunities for vaccines) from the development phase through oxidation where needed, so that our wastewater
have worked together to develop the
water use reductions at these sites, resulting product launch, to understand and manage discharges meet both regulatory requirements
Eco-Pharmaco-Stewardship (EPS) initiative.
in site-specific water conservation plans. product impacts both from manufacturing and and these internal standards. Where on-site
• We’ll continue to monitor sites that do not patient use. We assess products in a manner treatment is not provided, wastewater is The EPS initiative considers the environmental
meet the water use threshold for operational consistent with the most stringent applicable discharged to external wastewater treatment impacts of a medicine throughout its lifecycle,
risk and put in place conservation plans global regulations, including the regulatory facilities with the technology and capacity to and addresses the roles and responsibilities
as needed. review processes of the U.S. Food and Drug treat our wastewater. of all parties in managing those impacts. This
Administration and the European Medicines includes public services, the pharmaceutical
Our Environmental Review Committee oversees
This assessment ensures we can adapt Agency. Product environmental safety profiles industry, environmental experts, doctors,
our internal EQC standards. We also provide
our strategy to changing stressors in each are reassessed during periodic renewals of pharmacists and patients.
wastewater discharge criteria to suppliers that
catchment. It also enables us to better prioritize product filings, and risk mitigation actions are
manufacture pharmaceutical compounds for + For more information on our supply
facilities and catchments for water stewardship implemented when needed.
us and have initiated detailed assessments of chain, please see pages 107-113. For more
activities and lays the foundation for potential
future water targets in priority locations. We use the information from our risk our suppliers to better understand and address information on our water withdrawal,
assessments to establish or update our potential impacts. consumption and discharge treatment,
The selected group of sites is dependent on internal, compound-specific Environmental refer to our CDP Disclosure on the
As a member of the Antimicrobial Resistance
global network changes and updates to the WRI Quality Criteria (EQC), which are used to Sustainability Resources page.
(AMR) Alliance and signatory to the Industry
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. In 2024, the confirm that wastewater discharged from our
WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool identified facilities does not contain levels of residual
Roadmap for Progress on Combating AMR, we
+ For environmental sustainability data
are delivering on our commitments to reduce
12 of our manufacturing and/or research products that present a risk to human and goal performance, please see the
the environmental impacts from antibiotic
facilities as being in areas with “extremely high” health or the environment. We require our Performance summary at the end of the
residue in wastewater through implementation
Baseline Water Stress, and six as being in areas manufacturing facilities to use EQC, along environmental sustainability section of
with “high” Baseline Water Stress. As a result of this report.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 80
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Nature and biodiversity
We recognize that protecting and restoring nature and biodiversity are
important for a healthy planet and for our Company’s growth. Nature provides
essential ecosystem services and goods, such as purification of air and water
and genetic material for medicines, which are vital to human and animal health,
as well as our business operations. Biological diversity underpins nature’s
resilience in the face of environmental changes, such as those due to climate
change. To build a healthy future, nature loss and climate change must be
addressed in tandem.
We support the conservation objectives of the Convention on Biological
Diversity (CBD), which were adopted for a global approach to conservation
and sustainable use of genetic resources.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 304 GRI 304-2 GRI 304-3
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 81
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to nature and biodiversity
We have a long history of practicing environmental challenges and opportunities, • Improving soil and fauna health through
environmental stewardship, and protecting including nature and biodiversity. We also grazing management. The Vence® virtual
nature has always been at the core of our engage with external stakeholders such fencing tool allows landowners to create
approach. Our nature-related impacts and as investors on emerging biodiversity and virtual pastures to facilitate grazing
dependencies derive from multiple areas and nature issues. management, track cattle movements
have been integrated into our environmental and locate an individual animal at any given
program. We recognize our responsibility to Animal Health and time, 24/7.
manage pharmaceuticals in the environment
biodiversity
in order to prevent pollution from entering Habitats restoration
ecosystems and to prevent harm to individual
Our Animal Health business supports
species. Our broader environmental program, Since 2016, as part of our Company-wide UN
biodiversity and conservation across both
which includes actions in climate, water and CEO Water Mandate Commitment, we have
aquatic and terrestrial environments in multiple
waste, reduces our impacts and dependencies on invested annually in habitat restoration and
ways, including:
nature. Furthermore, our product stewardship reforestation projects that help improve water
program is continuously working to minimize • Monitoring numerous aquatic species by quality and restore biodiversity. Working with
the raw materials required to make our products using passive integrated transponder tags organizations such as The Nature Conservancy
and associated waste, which reduces strain on • Enabling statistically valid estimations of and One Tree Planted, we have identified
species and ecosystems. wild fish populations, survival rates and projects to invest in near our sites. By investing Our site in Haarlem, Netherlands, also planted
a large, biodiverse field filled with native plants
migration patterns in these collective action projects, we have also
In 2024, we used the Task-Force on Nature- that includes a beehive housing approximately
increased community engagement by providing
related Financial Disclosure’s (TNFD) Locate, • Offering a broad portfolio of innovative 15,000 bees. The bees’ honey is not harvested
volunteer opportunities for employees within
Evaluate, Assess, Prepare (LEAP) approach to medicines, vaccines and technologies to to give them a food source over the winter.
their own communities.
assess the impacts, dependencies, risks and promote growth in the aquaculture and
opportunities regarding nature in our direct conservation industry Our sites around the world are engaged in Additionally, as stated in our 2023/2024 Impact
operations and throughout our value chain. • Tracking invasive species to help researchers projects to preserve nature and biodiversity. Report, since 2016, our Animal Health business
Within this project, we used the World Wildlife assess how these animals distribute For example, through our “See Green, Be has prioritized habitat restoration through a
Foundation (WWF) Biodiversity Risk Filter throughout the environment and interact Green” initiative, our Irish facilities have continued partnership with WeForest. In total,
to identify sites in the vicinity of ecologically with native flora and fauna conducted biodiversity assessments, identifying more than 120 hectares of land have been
sensitive areas. This assessment noted areas of opportunities for optimal land usage. Local restored by planting approximately 211,000
our business for further investigation, which will • Providing solutions to assist in the plans have now been fully implemented to trees in countries like Brazil, India, Malawi,
be used to guide our strategic approach to nature conservation of aquatic species, such as protect and enhance natural areas. Tanzania and Zambia. These projects have
and biodiversity. salmon, steelhead/rainbow trout, sturgeon helped to reconnect fragmented forestland
and freshwater fish populations + Click here to learn more about the “See Green, through the restoration of wildlife corridors;
Additionally, we participate in external groups, • Collecting and providing key information in Be Green” initiative. promoted protection of sensitive ecosystems
such as the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain the research of sea turtles, salamanders, and wildlife; improved riparian water ways;
Initiative (PSCI), the Biopharma Sustainability abalone, penguins, frogs, snakes, bats and created local jobs; and transitioned private land
Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Environment many other species to sustainable agroforestry systems.
Group (PEG) to learn and collaborate on industry

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 82
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Waste
We continuously evaluate our sites’ waste disposal methods to gain a better
understanding of our network, as well as to identify risks and opportunities
in our value chain. The proper management of waste from our facilities is
important to the communities in which we operate and is a focus of our
environmental permits and other regulatory requirements.
Goals
No more than 20% of our global operational waste will be sent to landfills and
incinerators (without energy recovery) by 2025
At least 50% of our sites will send zero waste to landfills by 2025
Policies
Pharmaceuticals in the environment
Responsible disposal of medicines
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
Business Partner Code of Conduct
GRI 306 GRI 306-1 GRI 306-2 GRI 306-3 GRI 306-4 GRI 306-5
Respect for environmental health and safety
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our Sharps Management Plan—CalRecycle
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 83
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to waste
Our Waste Prevention and Management Operational waste
Standard requires our facilities to comply
with applicable generation, management and The amount of waste we generate reflects
disposal regulations and standards. Each site the efficiency of our manufacturing processes.
is responsible for managing its approach to
Operational waste is primarily generated
waste. The Environmental Compliance CoE
from the following activities:
and Environmental Sustainability CoE review
environmental data to monitor sites’ progress. • Manufacturing
Above-site teams from across the Company
• Packaging
provide assistance as needed to support sites
• On-site wastewater treatment
toward meeting our goals.
• Research
To minimize our environmental footprint
and align with the UN SDGs, we look for Waste minimization begins with the evaluation
opportunities to avoid the use of hazardous of our product designs and manufacturing
materials, to reuse or recycle materials and processes. Through our Green & Sustainable
to prevent the generation of waste. When Science program (see Materials section on
prevention, reuse and recycling are not practical page 88), we design processes that use safer
or feasible, we apply controls and treatment chemicals, consume less energy, use less water
technologies to prevent human health impacts and other resources, and generate less waste.
and minimize environmental impacts. Our process development biologists, chemists
and engineers have the expertise to create more
Over the past few years, we have reported
sustainable ways to make our products.
performance against our 2025 operational
waste goals and are on track to achieve them. We strive to reduce the amount of operational
waste we generate and to maximize the use of
Waste types are defined differently in Non-operational waste, such as construction
environmentally beneficial disposal methods
various parts of the world. For this report, and demolition debris, is excluded from
such as recycling, composting and waste-to-
we have divided our operational waste into reporting as it is not directly associated with
To help direct and track projects
energy. To ensure we manage our waste in
two categories: the production of our products and services.
in support of our targets, we have
an environmentally responsible manner, we
developed a Waste Diversion • Hazardous waste—Highly regulated or
use only Company-approved waste disposal Impacts to recycling markets are still being
Playbook for our global sites. high-risk waste streams that need to
facilities. Approved facilities demonstrate they felt following the enactment of legislation in a
This approach guides projects be neutralized, treated or destroyed to
have the systems, technologies and practices number of countries in Asia several years ago,
consistently across our global address a particular hazard, such as toxicity,
to manage our waste streams responsibly and restricting the acceptance of solid waste from
network of sites and enables flammability, corrosivity, radioactivity,
in compliance with applicable requirements. other countries. Historically, a large percentage
continuous improvement toward pharmaceutically active or infectious
We routinely audit these facilities to verify their of recyclable waste collected in the U.S. had
meeting our goals.
systems and practices. • Non-hazardous waste—Includes all other been shipped to Asia for recycling. Accordingly,
operational waste this change had, and continues to have, the

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 84
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
potential to affect the percentage of our non- While we may not have full operational control
hazardous waste sent for recycling. Commodity over the waste generated in our value chain, we
and trade markets continue to fluctuate, but pursue various initiatives to reduce the impact
have had minimal impact on our recycling through our product and material choices.
rates historically. Some of these waste reduction initiatives
across our value chain include:
In many cases, we partner with our third-party
• Eliminating substances of concern
Integrated Facility Management (IFM) team to
from packaging
manage site waste and work toward realizing
waste goals. Since 2021, we have placed a • Solvent recovery and beneficial reuse
strategic focus on diversion improvements
• Packaging design efficiency
at sites that generate the most waste going
• Reusable shippers (in product distribution)
to landfill and incineration without energy
recovery. This approach has diverted waste + For more information on value chain waste
from landfill through material recovery, waste
reduction initiatives, refer to the Materials
reduction or recycling, and through transition
section on pages 85-89.
to other disposal methods, such as treatment.
The success of this strategic focus on site
According to our Business Partner Code
engagement has enabled greater information-
of Conduct, our partners operate in an
sharing and identified additional opportunities
environmentally responsible and efficient
across the enterprise. In 2024, four of the
manner to minimize adverse impacts on the
Company’s largest sites sending non-hazardous
environment. Partners are encouraged to
waste to landfills implemented diversion
conserve natural resources, to avoid the use
strategies to reduce the volume of waste going
of hazardous materials where possible and to
to landfill. As we develop our strategic approach
engage in activities that reuse and recycle.
to nature and biodiversity, we will continue
to evaluate our operational and consumer + For more information on our environmental
waste-related risks, opportunities, impacts management with suppliers, please see
and dependencies. page 112.
+ For environmental sustainability data
Value chain waste
and goal performance, please see the
Performance summary at the end of the
Potential waste-related impacts are also
environmental sustainability section of
associated with upstream activities, such as
this report.
external manufacturing of active ingredients,
the purchase of raw materials and goods,
and the management of returned goods.
Similarly, there are downstream impacts from
the packaging and waste generated from use
of our products.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 85
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Materials
Meeting our environmental sustainability goals is intrinsically linked to
the application of innovative, cost-efficient manufacturing processes with
low environmental impact. We see transformative science/engineering
and innovation as critical enablers to developing sustainable, low-cost
manufacturing processes that provide environmental and economic benefits
over the lifecycle of our products.
Our aim is to develop the most efficient and sustainable processes at product
launch, with the goal of minimizing material use and waste from our commercial
manufacturing. We use an innovative “green-by-design” development strategy
to progress from an initial early clinical supply route to a fully optimized and
sustainable commercial manufacturing process.
Policies External charters, principles and
initiatives that we endorse or guide
our work on this topic:
Responsible Disposal of Medicines
• Eco-Pharmaco-Stewardship
(EPS) initiative
• Conference Board: Product
Stewardship & Regulatory
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
Affairs Council
GRI 301 • ACS Green Chemistry Institute
Pharmaceutical Roundtable
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our (ACS GCIPR)
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 86
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to materials
By using more efficient and innovative We actively engage in conversations on product compliance and assure supply of lifesaving Governance
processing methods and technologies in our stewardship to understand and act on issues products as we look to further minimize our
manufacturing, we are trying to reduce the specific to our industry worldwide. We share environmental footprint. Our efforts in this area are driven by our Green
amount of energy, water and raw materials best practices within the industry via our and Sustainable Science Team and overseen by
We also support the development of science-
we use to make our products, which should membership in the Conference Board Product research and development (R&D) leadership
based, cost-effective and environmentally sound
minimize the amount of waste we generate. Stewardship Council, EFPIA, the International and our Environmental Health and Safety
programs that promote the proper disposal
Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers (EHS) Council.
We maintain a highly trained and capable of unused medicines and their packaging, in
& Associations (IFPMA) and the ACS Green
scientific staff knowledgeable in methodologies accordance with regional requirements.
Chemistry Institute Pharmaceutical Roundtable
to reduce environmental impacts, and we
(ACS GCIPR). Our objective is to maintain
actively pursue manufacturing process
improvements that can minimize environmental
impacts. We have set environmental
sustainability goals with measurable and
achievable targets and timelines to demonstrate
this commitment. To ensure our knowledge
stays current and aligned with our peers, we
also collaborate with external resources and
industry groups such as the American Chemical
Society (ACS), the EFPIA and Animal Health
Europe to develop process improvements.
Products
We conduct extensive testing of our products
to identify and understand any potential safety,
health or environmental hazards. We manage
and communicate information about hazardous
materials to keep our employees, contractors,
transporters and other partners safe. We also
share information with patients and health care
professionals through our product inserts and
packaging so they can understand the potential
hazards when handling our products.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 87
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Programs and initiatives
Our chemists and engineers are trained in green Packaging also helps ensure our products are
design principles and provided with tools and used safely, conveniently and with adherence.
resources to help them develop manufacturing Prescribing and educational information Animal Health packaging
processes that use safer chemicals and reduced is conveyed at the point of purchase, and
quantities of raw materials. We use innovations packaging can include child-resistant A project initiated by our Animal Health business is an example of our commitment to
like nanotechnology to make our products more access, tamper-evident features and anti- environmental sustainability. The project, conducted in Germany and Austria, replaced
effective, while ensuring patient safety always counterfeiting features. single-use cardboard boxes with durable, reusable boxes for shipping pharmaceutical
remains of utmost importance. products to customers in those countries.
In addition to these critical packaging functions,
Complying with chemical substance and product we recognize the environmental impact of When compared to single-use corrugated boxes, the reusable boxes reduced the waste
requirements is a top priority for us. We track our packaging. After it has served its critical associated with single-use packaging materials and contributed to a more sustainable
numerous existing and emerging chemical functions, packaging becomes a patient or supply chain. Looking ahead, we are exploring the potential to expand this project to other
control regulations that require us to register caregiver’s waste and must be accounted for. countries and regions. By sharing our successful experience and promoting the adoption of
specific types of chemicals with the proper reusable packaging solutions, we aim to further enhance sustainability practices within the
We are actively re-imagining our approach
authorities. To meet these requirements, our animal health and human health industries.
to reducing the environmental impact of our
scientists complete environmental and human
packaging. We have developed an iterative,
health risk assessments of the substances
long-term roadmap that is integrated into
we work with before submitting the required
our business processes. This roadmap drives
regulatory notifications. Additionally, we
projects aimed at reducing the environmental
provide details on product use and risk- We use a simplified lifecycle analysis tool as a Packaging governance
impact of our packaging.
based control measures in accordance standard business practice so we can analyze
with applicable regulations. A foundational part of our path forward impact in the timeframe needed for packaging Our Global Pharmaceutical Commercialization
includes evolving how we measure and maintain development. We review all new human health and Global Pharmaceutical Operations areas
Packaging packaging data to enable transparent, data- packaging designs during the development manage environmental packaging with
driven decision-making. This includes: process to understand and minimize their oversight from our Environmental Health
Our product stewardship program extends to environmental impacts as much as possible, and Safety Council.
• Reducing packaging material mass
our customers and patients through the design while still providing appropriate protection
of effective, low-impact product packaging. • Minimizing or eliminating materials for our products.
of concern
These packaging materials serve a range of We continue to monitor global trends, respond
• Researching new materials
important purposes; the foremost is to protect to customer inquiries around packaging and
the purity, efficacy and physical integrity of the • Introducing more recycled content into packaging materials, and incorporate circular
products that reach patients. our packaging economic concepts into the critical functions
• Increasing the recyclability of our of packaging for pharmaceuticals.
packaging systems

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 88
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Solvent use Chemical management Green and the development of innovative, efficient,
green and sustainable commercial syntheses
sustainable science
Solvents can play a key role in the research A comprehensive and effective chemical of our small molecule APIs from sustainable
and manufacturing of our products, as well management program is critical to the commodity raw materials. We are also exploring
Green and sustainable science is the
as in equipment cleaning. Because of their safety and protection of our employees, ways to reduce the environmental impact of
development and application of green chemistry
significance to our business and the lifecycle the communities in which we operate and biologics and vaccine manufacturing.
principles, quantitative sustainability metrics
impact they represent, we design our processes the environment.
and goals to the process of scientific inquiry.
to minimize or avoid the use of organic solvents Green-by-design strategy
We have put in place procedures, systems We employ this green and sustainable science
where practical. Where we do use organic
and processes to manage the approval, framework because we recognize that our
solvents, we maximize efficiency and control Our integrated strategy involves several
procurement, inventory, receipt, transfer, ability to meet our environmental sustainability
them in our emissions, effluents and waste. stages; it aims to provide innovative solutions
storage, use and disposal of chemicals at all of goals is intrinsically linked to the creation of
rather than incremental improvements to
We have an active Green and Sustainable our sites. Through proper labeling of chemicals innovative and cost-efficient manufacturing
historical practices. We see transformative
Science program (see right) to design our and the safety data sheets, we provide our processes with low environmental impact.
science/engineering and innovation as critical
new processes using fewer, less toxic organic employees and others with information about Green and sustainable commercial chemical
enablers to developing sustainable, low-cost
solvents and other hazardous materials, and the identities and potential hazards of the route development also helps mitigate potential
manufacturing processes that provide both
to reuse and recycle more of the solvents we chemicals in our operations. issues in the supply chain of tomorrow by
environmental and economic benefits over
do use. reducing our raw material requirements today.
the lifecycle of our products. We aim to develop
Our objective is to be the industry leader for
For cleaning our manufacturing equipment, the most efficient and sustainable processes
we use water-based methods where they are
as effective as organic solvents. At each of
our manufacturing sites, we have engineers
responsible for identifying and driving process
improvement projects. When it is not practical
to reuse regenerated organic solvents in our
own production processes, we work with
suppliers who recover the spent organic
solvents for resale to other industries or safely
burn them as a source for energy, where
feasible. Any used organic solvents that leave
our site as hazardous waste are managed
at off-site facilities that are on our list of
approved waste management sites.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 89
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
at product launch, with the goal of minimizing American Chemical
material use and waste from our commercial
Society’s (ACS) Green
manufacturing. We use an innovative “green-
by-design” development strategy to progress Chemistry Institute
from an initial early clinical supply route to a
fully optimized and sustainable commercial
We are a founding member of the ACS Green
manufacturing process. Chemistry Institute® (GCI) Pharmaceutical
Roundtable, a partnership between the ACS
Programs and initiatives GCI and member pharmaceutical companies.
The Roundtable drives education and research
As part of our Green & Sustainable Science on new ways to apply green and sustainable
program, we calculate the process mass science to pharmaceutical discovery and
intensity (PMI) of our small molecule human manufacturing. This is accomplished
health products. PMI represents the number through the development of industry-wide
of kilograms of raw materials (including water) sustainability metrics, tools and technologies.
used to produce one kilogram of an API and
indicates the efficiency by which we convert Awards and recognition
raw materials into final products. We use
in green chemistry
this metric internally to compare different
manufacturing methods, to identify process
improvement opportunities and to track our Since the establishment of the Green
progress. We have developed a PMI tool that Chemistry Challenge Awards sponsored by the
provides ambitious, molecule-aware PMI Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and
targets for our API manufacturing processes. the ACS in 1996, we are proud to have been
We routinely evaluate PMI at every stage recognized with 10 Green Chemistry Challenge
to drive the development of our new small Awards for innovative process improvements,
molecule processes to achieve our aspirational seven since 2017. We have also been honored
goals for green and sustainable processes. For by ACS as the winner of the Peter J. Dunn
our large-molecule processes, we are pioneering Award for Green Chemistry & Engineering
new modality-appropriate metrics that Impact in the Pharmaceutical Industry for
outperform PMI in their ability to recommend three of the past five years.
ways of reducing the environmental impact of
+ Learn more about the Green Chemistry
biologic and vaccine manufacturing. We are
Awards and how we are safeguarding the
also using streamlined lifecycle analysis tools to
environment through green chemistry
further evaluate the environmental impacts of
on our corporate website.
our processes.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 90
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Climate, energy
From 2023 to 2024, our combined year-over-year Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions
reduced by 2 percent. The decrease was due to reductions in market-based Scope 2 electric emissions
and Scope 1 fugitive and fleet emissions. In 2024, our Scope 3 GHG emissions increased as compared
and air emissions to 2023. While performance was mixed across our reported categories, an increase in GHG emission in
our largest category, Purchased Goods and Services, led to an overall increase in GHG emissions from
2023. Our analysis shows that our Scope 3 GHG emissions impacts are more than six times greater
than our combined Scopes 1 and 2 emissions.
Goals 2022 2023 2024 Total energy use
(GJ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Reduce our operational GHG
9% below 14% below 16% below
Total energy use 17,261,000 16,784,000 16,791,000 17,197,000 17,186,000 16,965,000
emissions (i.e., Scopes 1 & 2) 46%
baseline baseline baseline
by 2030, from a 2019 baseline¹
Breakdown (by type) of
Reduce our value chain (Scope 3)
7% below 9% below 6% below
total energy used (Scope 1
GHG emissions by 30% by 2030,
baseline baseline baseline
and location-based Scope 2
from a 2019 baseline²
energy use)* 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Source 100% of our purchased
Natural gas (Scope 1) 64% 66% 64% 65% 64% 65%
electricity from renewable 45% 57% 61%
sources by 2025³
Renewable energy generated and used
0.003% 0.010% 0.010% 0.010% 0.33% 0.37%
on site (Scope 1)4
In 2024, we committed to a net-zero target for
Fleet fuel (Scope 1) 10% 8% 8% 9% 9% 9%
Achieve net-zero greenhouse gas our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our
(GHG) emissions (Scopes 1, 2 & 3) global operations (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2045,
Fuel oil (Scope 1) 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 1%
by 2045 aligned with the guidelines of the Science Based
Targets initiative (SBTi).
Biofuel (Scope 1) 0.0008% 0.0009% 0.0009% 0.0010% 0.0008% 0.0008%
¹ Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources such as on-site fuel combustion and fleet
Spent solvents (Scope 1) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
vehicles. Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy consumed by the
reporting company.
² (a) Scope 3 GHG emissions include all other indirect emissions in a company’s value chain. Coal (Scope 1) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
(b) In 2024, we initiated a work process with our suppliers to collect and report their activity data related to our Scope 3
emissions in place of our input/output spend modeled data, when available. Our 2019-2024 Scope 3 performance data Purchased electricity (Scope 2)5 22% 22% 24% 22% 22% 22%
and goals were updated to include this data.
³ We have defined “purchased electricity” as electricity sourced from external suppliers as well as renewable electricity
Purchased steam (Scope 2) 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3%
that was generated and utilized on site where we retained the renewable attributes or where we have obtained
renewable attributes through contract.
* Annual energy breakdown may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding.
4 Includes solar, wind and other renewable energy generated on site where renewable energy credits or guarantees of origin have been
retained or retired.
5 Includes electricity sourced from external suppliers. Reported using Scope 2 location-based value in accordance with the GHG Protocol.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 91
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Breakdown (by type) of Total GHGs (Mt CO e) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
2
total energy used (Scope 1
Scope 13,5,6 746,900 737,400 704,800 739,500 731,600 721,200
and market-based Scope 2
energy use)* 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Scope 2 location-based3,5,6 375,400 357,100 375,600 350,500 340,400 323,800
Natural gas (Scope 1) 64% 66% 64% 65% 64% 65% Scope 2 market-based3,5,6 300,900 238,400 240,800 217,300 170,100 163,000
Renewable energy generated and used
on site (Scope 1)¹ 6% 9% 10% 10% 13% 14% T (m ot a a r l k S e c t- o b p a e s s e 1 d & )3, 5 2 ,6 , G 8 HGs 1,047,800 975,800 945,600 956,800 901,800 884,200
Fleet fuel (Scope 1) 10% 8% 8% 9% 9% 9% Scope 3 GHGs4,5 6,442,500 6,170,300 6,255,400 5,999,600 5,863,500 6,057,900
Fuel oil (Scope 1) 2% 2% 2% 2% 2% 1% GHG intensity (Scopes 1 & 2 -
17.01 15.34 14.20 14.07 12.52 11.79
market-based)7
Biofuel (Scope 1) 0.0008% 0.0009% 0.0009% 0.0010% 0.0008% 0.0008%
Note: We engaged an external third-party to perform a limited assurance engagement over select 2024 GHG emissions metrics included
Spent solvents (Scope 1) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% in this report. To view the Report of Independent Accountants, please visit the Sustainability Resources page of our corporate website.
The limited assurance engagement was performed in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT-C section 210,
Coal (Scope 1) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Review Engagements.
3 Our 2024 GHG emissions metric was externally assured by a third-party.
Purchased electricity (Scope 2)² 16% 13% 13% 12% 10% 9% 4 Our 2024 Scope 3 GHG emissions for Category 3 (Fuel and energy-related activities not included in Scopes 1 & 2) and Category 6
(Employee business travel) were externally assured by a third-party.
Purchased steam (Scope 2) 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 5 In accordance with the World Resource Institute’s GHG Protocol, prior-year data have been adjusted to add or remove facilities that have
been acquired, sold or spun-off. Adjustments also reflect changes in methodology to ensure consistency from year to year, including
*Annual energy breakdown may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. Scope 2 emission factor updates [E-GRID (2025), IEA (2024), EU Residual (2024), UK DEFRA (2024), and Canada National Inventory
Report (2025)] and Scope 1 & 3 emission factor updates [EPA Climate Leaders (2025), IEA (2024), and UK DEFRA (2024)]. The World
¹ Includes solar, wind and other renewable energy used on site or purchased, where renewable energy credits or guarantees of origin have
Resource Institute’s GHG Protocol defines Scope 1 GHG emissions as direct emissions from owned or controlled sources such as on-site
been retained or retired.
fuel combustion and fleet vehicles. Scope 2 GHG emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy consumed
² Includes solar, wind and other renewables generated on site where renewable energy credits (RECs) have been sold. Reported using by the reporting company. Scope 3 GHG emissions include all other indirect emissions in a company’s value chain. Emissions were based
Scope 2 market-based value in accordance with the GHG Protocol. on our economic input-output model using our third party spend. Whenever possible, we replaced the relevant emissions calculated
from our spend-based model with primary emissions data provided directly from our suppliers or calculated emissions data based on
the activity. We adjusted our spend-based model to account for foreign exchange and inflation in order to normalize and compare our
performance against our baseline year of 2019.
6 The operational control approach is used to account for GHG emissions for Company facilities globally. Only those facilities over which
our Company has operational control are included in the GHG inventory.
7 Total Scope 1 & Scope 2 market-based metric tons CO₂e per employee.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 92
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
8 All values are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual GHG totals.
Scope 3 GHG details (Mt CO e) 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total Carbon Offsets (Mt) 2022 2023 2024
2
Purchased goods and services1 4,749,800 4,818,700 4,866,400 4,565,200 4,447,300 4,743,200 Total Carbon Offsets - South San
1,895.12 3,968.80 2,931.56
Francisco12
Capital goods1 328,300 444,900 418,800 383,000 319,500 281,700
12 Certified carbon offsets are used to meet the requirement of Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) Zero carbon certification. The carbon offsets are
Fuel and energy-related activities not included in from Schneider Electric's Ecomix Offsets and are Green-e Climate Certified. Visit our
202,300 181,100 183,000 185,100 176,000 170,400
Scopes 1 & 22,10 Sustainability Resources page for more information on our Carbon Offset Portfolio.
Upstream transportation and distribution1 385,600 279,700 395,600 520,100 459,900 423,700
Air pollutant emissions
by type (Mt)* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Waste generated in operations (excluding
18,800 21,900 23,800 24,900 19,500 20,800
recycled and composted waste)3,4
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) 388 347 377 388 379
Employee business travel5,10 286,300 101,400 36,200 64,200 203,600 197,200
Sulfur oxides (SOx) 22 24 31 31 24
Employee commuting6 293,900 137,900 141,300 143,400 196,800 178,700
Volatile organic compounds
394 357 338 301 283
(VOCs)
Downstream transportation and distribution7 124,800 136,000 134,800 87,100 16,200 11,800
Ozone-depleting substances
Use of sold products8 900 900 900 2,500 1,300 1,500 0.3 0.3 0.7 0.2 0.5
(ODS)
End-of-life treatment of sold products9 48,300 43,000 47,600 11,900 7,600 5,500
*Data are estimated using conservative assumptions and factors, not measured
or weighed.
Franchises 3,500 4,800 7,000 12,200 15,800 23,400 Note: Previously reported data have been restated per our methodology, which includes
adding facilities that have been acquired and removing facilities that have been sold or
Total11 6,442,500 6,170,300 6,255,400 5,999,600 5,863,500 6,057,900 spun-off.
1 Emissions are based on primary vendor data where available and economic input-output modeling performed by Climate Earth, Inc., using spend data.
² Emission factors from 2024 UK Defra and 2024 IEA were used in conjunction with primary fuel and energy-use data. Does not include purchased cooling water.
³ Primary-waste data were used with the U.S. EPA’s WARM Model.
⁴ Including recycled and composted waste in these calculations would result in negative emissions in 2019 (-62,400 Mt CO₂e), 2020 (-48,900 Mt CO₂e), 2021 (-46,300 Mt CO₂e), 2022
(-57,900 Mt CO₂e), 2023 (-51,500 Mt CO2e) and 2024 (-53,300 Mt CO₂e).
⁵ Based on primary travel vendor data, employee-reimbursable mileage and Thrust Carbon Calculations. Business travel has returned to pre-pandemic levels.
6 2020-2024 reductions caused by shifts to remote and hybrid working models.
7 Calculated using primary vendor data for the products shipped via our wholesalers at the country level through different modes of transportation and 2024 UK Defra factors for tonne.km
8 Due to recent acquisitions, we are currently evaluating the applicability of additional products to this category. This category currently includes the impacts of our Animal Health products
ENGEMYCIN® (oxytetracycline), NEO SPRAY CAF® (oxytetracyclinum), OXYTETRIN® LA (oxytetracycline). We have also included the energy use impacts of the U.S.A 2019-2024 sales
of our Biomark and Falcon products.
9 Calculated assuming that all primary, secondary and tertiary packaging purchased was disposed of by our customers. Packaging material data was used with the U.S. EPA’s WARM Model.
10 Our 2024 Scope 3 GHG emissions comprised of World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 3 Category 3 (Fuel and energy-related activities not included in Scopes 1 & 2) and
Category 6 (Employee business travel), which include primary vendor and employee reimbursable data, were externally assured by a third-party.
11 All values are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual GHG totals.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 93
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Water
Areas of extremely high or
high stress identified from Areas of stress after
Water use by source
All areas WRI Aqueduct Water Risk internal risk assessment
(million m³) (2024) (total)* Atlas Tool methodology
Water use decreased slightly from 19.4 million cubic meters in 2023 to 19.3 million cubic meters Groundwater 9.9 0.1 0.0
in 2024. Water withdrawal is variable based on manufacturing and research activities year to year.
Approximately 11 percent of the total water we used in 2024 was supplied from surface water sources, Fresh surface water 2.2 0.0 0.0
and 51 percent was supplied by groundwater sources, with the balance sourced from third-party
Brackish or sea water 0.0 0.0 0.0
water suppliers. Total water reused, recovered or recycled increased by 0.6 million cubic meters
in 2024 compared to 2023, this was due to increased water reuse during warmer weather months
Third-party water 7.3 2.7 0.7
at our largest water use site.
Total 19.3 2.8 0.7
Goal 2022 2023 2024
Maintain global Water reused, recovered or recycled (million m³) 2022 2023 2024
3.9 million m³ 3.6 million m³ 3.6 million m³
water use at or
(17%) below (16%) below (16%)below Total water reused, recovered or recycled 1.0 1.5 2.1
below 2015 levels
Water discharge by Areas of extremely high or
high stress identified from Areas of stress after
Water use by source (million m³)* 2015 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 receiving water body
All areas WRI Aqueduct Water Risk internal risk assessment
(million m³)(2024)* (total) Atlas Tool methodology
Groundwater 12.0 10.1 9.7 10.1 10.0 9.9
Groundwater 0.0 0.0 0.0
Fresh surface water¹ 2.0 2.0 2.2
3.9 2.9 2.6
Fresh surface water 7.4 0.0 0.0
Brackish or sea water ¹ 0.0 0.0 0.0
Brackish or sea water 0.1 0.0 0.0
Third-party water 7.0 7.0 7.1 7.0 7.3 7.3
Third-party treatment 5.7 1.6 0.3
Total 23.0 19.9 19.3 19.1 19.4 19.3
Total 13.2 1.6 0.4
*(a) In accordance with the GHG Protocol, prior-year data has been adjusted to add or remove facilities that have been acquired and sold.
2015 data is presented as a baseline year to demonstrate progress against our goal in addition to the most recent five years data.
*(a) All values exclude rainwater.
(b) All values above are rounded to one decimal place. As a result, the total values shown may not equal to the sum of the individual
(b) All values above are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual receiving water body totals.
source totals.
¹ Total Surface Water: Prior to 2022, Fresh Surface Water and Brackish or Sea Water were not differentiated and are presented as a single
data point.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 94
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Waste
Global operational waste
(% of total waste)* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Incinerated (without energy recovery) 23% 28% 12% 10% 7%
The percentage of waste sent to landfill and incineration continues to decline, dropping from 15% in
Landfilled 5% 5% 4% 5% 4%
2023 to 11% in 2024. The number of sites sending zero waste to landfill increased from 55% to 63%.
While the total amount of waste increased, so did the percentage of waste sent for beneficial reuse
Total (2025 Goal <20%) 28% 33% 16% 15% 11%
(i.e., recycling, energy recovery, reuse, composting and other treatment). The increase in waste is
primarily due to an expansion of a company facility that resulted in an increase in composted waste. *(a) The method of disposal is determined by the initial waste treatment facility, which is identified by the regulatory waste shipping
For more information on our strategy to reduce landfill waste, see page 82. record. We do not track operational waste beyond the initial waste treatment facility.
(b) In 2022, new information specific to the technology used for the generation and use of energy at the disposal facility to which our
largest hazardous waste stream is sent was identified. The waste directed to this disposal technology was previously classified as
incineration without energy recovery, but with this updated information it has been reclassified as incineration with energy recovery
as per our internal definitions. The data for reclassification are not readily available prior to 2022 and therefore could not be updated.
Goals 2022 2023 2024 Hazardous waste (Mt)* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
No more than 20% of our global Recycled 8,685 9,824 6,878 7,735 9,150
operational waste will be sent to
16% 15% 11% Energy recovery 15,330 14,029 28,964 23,173 25,520
landfills and incinerators (without
energy recovery) by 2025
Composted 0 0 0 0 0
At least 50% of our sites will send
51% 55% 63% Landfilled 198 315 92 100 58
zero waste to landfills by 2025
Other 1,662 2,824 2,814 2,220 2,157
Reused 480 1,510 683 643 625
Incinerated (without energy recovery) 16,649 22,086 9,109 6,085 5,927
Total 43,004 50,588 48,540 39,957 43,436
*(a) The method of disposal is determined by the initial waste treatment facility, which is identified by the regulatory waste shipping
record. We do not track operational waste beyond the initial waste treatment facility.
(b) In 2022, new information specific to the technology used for the generation and use of energy at the disposal facility to which our
largest hazardous waste stream is sent was identified. The waste directed to this disposal technology was previously classified as
incineration without energy recovery, but with this updated information it has been reclassified as incineration with energy recovery
as per our internal definitions. The data for reclassification are not readily available prior to 2022 and therefore could not be updated.
(c) All values above are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual source totals.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 95
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Non-hazardous waste (Mt)* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total waste (Mt)* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Recycled 13,537 13,073 13,668 12,840 14,952 Recycled 22,222 22,897 20,546 20,575 24,102
Energy recovery 8,280 7,066 10,115 8,620 10,623 Energy recovery 23,610 21,095 39,079 31,793 36,143
Composted 4,892 5,872 5,672 6,948 17,632 Composted 4,892 5,872 5,672 6,948 17,632
Landfilled 4,061 3,702 3,643 3,719 3,565 Landfilled 4,259 4,017 3,735 3,819 3,623
Other 1,717 266 121 486 92 Other 3,379 3,090 2,935 2,706 2,249
Reused 963 583 693 751 713 Reused 1,443 2,093 1,376 1,394 1,338
Incinerated (without energy recovery) 1,124 850 881 1,000 852 Incinerated (without energy recovery) 17,773 22,936 9,990 7,085 6,778
Total 34,574 31,412 34,793 34,364 48,428 Total 77,578 82,000 83,333 74,320 91,865
*(a) The method of disposal is determined by the initial waste treatment facility, which is identified by the regulatory waste shipping * (a) The method of disposal is determined by the initial waste treatment facility, which is identified by the regulatory waste shipping
record. We do not track operational waste beyond the initial waste treatment facility. record. We do not track operational waste beyond the initial waste treatment facility.
(b) All values above are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual source totals. b) In 2022, new information specific to the technology used for the generation and use of energy at the disposal facility to which our
largest hazardous waste stream is sent was identified. The waste directed to this disposal technology was previously classified as
incineration without energy recovery, but with this updated information it has been reclassified as incineration with energy recovery as
per our internal definitions. The data for reclassification are not readily available prior to 2022 and therefore could not be updated.
(c) All values above are rounded. As a result, the total values shown may not equal the sum of the individual source totals.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 96
Ethics & Values
It is imperative we uphold our stakeholders’ trust and act with Topics covered:
integrity in all we do. That means putting patients first and operating
Ethical corporate behavior
responsibly to help create a safe, sustainable and healthy future for
Customer health and safety
people globally.
Supplier management
Human rights
Our commitment to ethics and integrity is Our employees are united by four values
the foundation of our Company and vital that represent who we are and how we work
Privacy and data security
to fulfilling our purpose. Our policies and together: patients first; respect for people;
procedures reinforce our commitment, from ethics and integrity; and innovation and Government relations
how we conduct research and development scientific excellence.
(R&D) and manage our supply chain to how
we deliver our products.
24/7
Availability of our MSDethics.com
reporting tool, which allows
employees and third parties to
raise concerns confidentially and
anonymously (where permitted
by law)

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 97
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Ethical corporate
behavior
The highest standards of ethics and integrity underpin everything we do, which
is why we foster a culture where employees feel safe and empowered to speak
up and where our values guide our commitment to ethical corporate behavior.
Policies
Goals 2024
Code of Conduct
Foster a “Speak Up” culture by maintaining or exceeding our Our culture and values
current percentage of global employees responding favorably to
On track
the “Willingness to report” question in an internal survey as an
annual average, by 2025¹ External charters, principles and initiatives we endorse and that guide our work
on this topic:
¹ (a) Favorable response indicates the percentage of respondents who respond “yes” to the question stating, “I am willing
• European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA)
to report employee misconduct and potential ethics or compliance issues.”
Code of Practice
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA)
Code of Practice
• International Labor Organization Core Labor Standards
• Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises
• Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible
Supply Chain Management
• PhRMA Code on Interactions With Health Care Professionals
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
• Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact
GRI 2-26 GRI 205 GRI 205-2 GRI 206
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our • UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 98
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to ethical corporate behavior
Our Code of Conduct We encourage employees to bring concerns Fostering a To foster a strong culture of ethics and
to their management, HR, Legal, Compliance, compliance, the Ethics & Compliance Office
speak-up culture
In 2023, we released an updated edition of Global Investigations or at MSDethics.com, partners with a network of site-based,
our Code of Conduct, which supports our which is operated by an independent third party volunteer ethics ambassadors outside of the
The Ethics & Compliance Office manages
employees’ values-based decision-making. and is available 24/7. MSDethics.com allows U.S. These ambassadors are advocates for
our global Speak Up program, which includes
The Code of Conduct empowers our employees employees and suppliers to raise concerns or the Speak Up program and address employee
a range of educational campaigns and
to uphold our ethical standards in their day- ask questions confidentially and anonymously questions about our reporting process.
communication activities. These initiatives
to-day work. Offered in both digital and PDF (where permitted by law) in their preferred
encourage a speak-up culture and raise
formats in 21 languages, our Code of Conduct language, via telephone or online. Of note, it
awareness of the channels for reporting
is easily accessible, regardless of language is a violation of our corporate policy to retaliate
potential concerns. We also inform employees
and technological preferences. against employees who report concerns.
of the process we follow once a concern
In addition to guiding employees in how We maintain a process for escalation and is reported.
to navigate complex situations, the Code investigation of potential ethics- and
of Conduct encourages them to speak up compliance-related concerns. The process
and report ethical concerns. ensures we promptly and discreetly
investigate all reports.
+ Please visit our corporate website for more
information on our Code of Conduct. If allegations of misconduct are substantiated,
we take appropriate actions to ensure those
responsible are held accountable and recurrence
Addressing ethics- and
is prevented. Subject to local law, disciplinary
compliance-related actions can include, but are not limited to,
dismissal, final written warning letters or
concerns
suspension. Incentive payments may also
be impacted, subject to local law. In addition,
The Global Investigations team within the
we address any needed improvements in
Offices of the General Counsel receives,
organizational and process controls.
triages and redresses ethics- and compliance-
related concerns. Depending on the nature
of a concern, it is addressed by appropriate
members of the Offices of the General Counsel,
including the Global Investigations team,
Ethics & Compliance Office, Global Security
or Human Resources (HR).

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 99
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Ethics and compliance training In addition to mandatory training on our
Code of Conduct, we assign employees
Training is vital to creating a strong ethics training on relevant policies based on their
and compliance culture and to ensuring roles and responsibilities. For example, our
employees understand our expectations and sales representatives must complete sales
principles. Each year, we assign our Leading and product training. Training is specific to
with Ethics & Integrity training series to the country where employees are based and
all employees. The goal of this series is to covers the scope of their responsibilities in
empower employees to act with integrity ensuring compliance with applicable laws and
and make values-based decisions. regulations. Regardless of location, our ethics
and compliance trainings emphasize that if
In 2024, more than 99% of our employees
employees are unsure about any conduct, they
completed the assigned training, which
should ask for help. We make sure to note the
covers our Code of Conduct, speaking up,
multiple places where employees can turn
conflicts of interest, privacy, anti-bribery
for assistance.
and anti-corruption.
The first option is to talk with their managers,
We also provide additional training on anti-
and if they do not feel comfortable doing so,
bribery and anti-corruption for employees
they may contact:
who work with non-U.S. government
officials. We also require U.S. employees in • Ethics & Compliance
our Human Health division to understand • Legal
their responsibilities under the Anti-Kickback
• HR
Statute, the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing
Act and applicable U.S. Food and Drug • MSDethics.com Potential conflicts of As part of the disclosure process, we also
require employees to certify compliance
Administration (FDA) promotional regulations.
interest disclosure with our corporate policies on preventing
bribery and corruption, and on antitrust law
An important part of our corporate ethics and compliance, conflicts of interest and insider
Ethics and integrity training 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 compliance program is our disclosure process trading. U.S.-based (including Puerto Rico)
for potential conflicts of interest. We require employees must also note if they are subject
Employees trained on Leading with the Ethics & employees to disclose certain outside activities, to an investigation of an agency of the U.S.
>99% >99% >99% >99% >99%
Compliance training series¹ interests and close personal relationships that government or are on any list of prohibited
could present potential conflicts of interest, and or restricted parties issued by an agency of
¹ For 2024, the percent complete for Ethics and Compliance Office owned Enterprise Mandatory Training courses was 99.88%. to update those disclosures at least every 12 the U.S. government. This approach supports
months. For 2024, we developed and deployed compliance with keeping with our policy on the
a new tool to manage this process. Although effects of exclusions, debarments, suspensions
only certain employees must complete this and health care-related criminal convictions,
process annually, it is available to all employees reporting and screening.
with potential conflicts of interest to disclose.
When we identify potential conflicts, the Ethics
& Compliance Office works with the employee
and management to mitigate.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 100
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Anti-corruption Anti-competitive behavior
Our reputation for ethics and integrity Divisional policies anchor to our corporate anti- Our customers benefit from fair, free and open Fostering pro-competitive
underpins our relationship with health care corruption policy and reinforce the principles markets. Though we work in a competitive
practices
professionals, patients and other stakeholders. for certain higher-risk activities involving ToV industry, it is important we compete fairly,
Bribery and corruption are illegal and to government officials outside of the U.S. legally and based on the merits of our products
Our commercial teams support appropriate
undermine public trust. They also establish the systems and processes and services.
access to our approved products by using
for appropriate pre-engagement and anti-
We adhere to applicable anti-corruption laws Our interactions with customers, suppliers approved promotional content, consistent with
corruption due diligence.
and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt and competitors are governed by antitrust and applicable regulatory laws, to inform customers
Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Our Business Partner Code of Conduct competition laws, which we supplement with of options.
presents similar and consistent anti-corruption a corporate policy addressing antitrust and
Our anti-corruption policy prohibits the We adhere to external laws, regulations
principles for our partners. (The term “partners” competition issues.
offer, promise or giving of any payment or and industry codes of conduct, as well as to
collectively refers to all types of organizations
benefit—transfer of value (ToV) to or for the We recognize our reputation for integrity, our global Code of Conduct, our corporate
that provide goods, services or resources.) It
benefit of—an individual or entity in order trust, honesty and fair dealing depends on fair policies and procedures, and our ethics and
states business partners shall not offer to pay,
to improperly influence decisions or actions competition. We strive to promote appropriate compliance program.
ask for or accept anything of value—or give the
regarding our business. The policy applies to customer choice, business relationships and
appearance that they do—in order to improperly
In addition, our ethics and compliance program
ToV in connection with direct engagements business practices. Our policies help our
influence decisions or actions regarding our
seeks to prevent inappropriate practices.
(i.e., those we conducted) and indirect employees recognize that we gain competitive
business or government activities. It also bars
We monitor our practices and address
engagements (i.e., those managed by a third- advantage through the merits of our products
doing so through intermediaries. Our partners
noncompliance to ensure our interactions
party intermediary or partner). The policy and services, never through unethical or illegal
must adhere to these principles and operate in
with customers and consumers do not
applies to ToV offered, promised or provided anti-competitive business practices.
full compliance with the Business Partner Code
include unsubstantiated competitive claims.
to private and public officials.
of Conduct.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 101
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Customer health
and safety
Quality and safety are of paramount importance to us, which is why we
have a variety of policies and procedures to help protect the health and
safety of our customers. Whether it is in our manufacturing processes,
how we run our clinical trials or how we monitor for counterfeit products,
we have a commitment to sustained quality and compliance excellence in
everything we do.
In a highly complex and ever-changing regulatory landscape like the one we
operate in, we must proactively manage risk and protect the integrity of our
products, which includes using the latest technologies and collaborating
with regulatory authorities.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 416 GRI 416-2 GRI 417 GRI 417-1 SASB 210a.1 SASB 250a.3 SASB 260a.1
SASB 260a.2 SASB 260a.3 SASB 270a.2
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 102
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to Summaries of terminated trials provide allow us to seek regulatory approvals globally Marketing and labeling
information about patient disposition, safety and thereby offer our medicines to patients who
and adverse experiences, as well as explain why need them around the world. Our Chief Medical Officer (CMO) is responsible
customer health
the trial was terminated early. We comply with for defining the benefit/risk profile of every
When appropriate, a data monitoring
all applicable laws and regulations associated pipeline and marketed product. The CMO
committee (DMC) reviews unblinded data from
and safety with registering clinical trials publicly and also provides medical oversight for all clinical
ongoing trials in a pre-specified, scientifically
subsequently posting their results. We also programs, supervises development and
acceptable manner. The DMC’s goals are to
have processes for complying with the FDA implementation of medical policies (including
protect the trial participants’ safety and to
Amendments Act of 2007, the European Union those related to data transparency and
Our quality strategy sustains quality and
assess whether the risk/benefit profile is
Clinical Trials Regulation No 536/2014 (EU- sharing clinical data), and has authority over
compliance excellence through focused digital
favorable. The DMC’s recommendations are
CTR), and Clinical Trials Regulation (Regulation the design, execution and implementation
technologies, effective oversight and risk
communicated internally to relevant scientists
EU NO 536/2014), including those related to of expanded access (“compassionate or early
mitigation, engaged and empowered colleagues
and can be distributed externally to clinical
clinical trial registration and posting results. use”) programs. The CMO is also our principal
and communities, and a mature quality
investigators, review boards or regulatory
medical spokesperson.
management posture. Our strategy is key to
A clinical trial registry also provides information agencies, as appropriate.
ensuring patient safety as well as the quality
on in-progress trials, and the ability to track
and continuous supply of our products.
the trials over the course of development. + For more information on our approach to
Company-sponsored and -conducted clinical representation in clinical trials, please see
Patient health
trials involving patients assigned to treatment page 25 in the Access to Health section of this
with investigational and marketed products are report. For more information on clinical trials
and safety registered at trial initiation on ClinicalTrials. in general, please visit the Clinical Trials page
gov, EUclinicaltrials.eu and ENCePP.eu. on our corporate website.
In accordance with our public policy position
statement on clinical trial ethics, all
Clinical trial site
investigational studies in human subjects
GCP/pharmacovigilance (PV) inspections 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
monitoring, design, are conducted in a manner consistent with
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines
conduct and oversight PV inspections by regulatory agencies of the Company
for the protection of human subjects,
or clinical trial investigators that led to significant fines, 0 0 0 0 0
including those issued by the International penalties, warning letters or product seizures¹
We are committed to sharing the results of
Council for Harmonisation: Good Clinical
our clinical trials, regardless of their outcome,
Practice (ICH-GCP). GCP inspections by regulatory agencies of the Company
in a timely manner. If a clinical trial of a
or clinical trial investigators that led to significant fines, 0 0 0 0 0
product is terminated early for safety reasons, Individual country regulations and guidelines penalties, warning letters or product seizures²
we promptly disclose medically important remain the primary determinant of specific
information to regulatory authorities and the requirements for conducting medical research. ¹ There were 8 PV inspections of the Company conducted in 2024.
public, update the status on www.clinicaltrials. In all regions, we have a commitment, where ² There were 7 GCP Inspections of the Company conducted in 2024.
gov within 30 days, and submit a manuscript to appropriate, to reflect the broad populations of
a journal (or post a summary online) within 12 people who will use our products. As a result, + Please visit the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) MedWatch website for more information on
months after the last patient’s last visit occurs. we work to obtain information that ensures a product safety alerts. You may visit the FDA’s Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) website for
If the trial was terminated for efficacy reasons, thorough evaluation of the safety and efficacy up-to-date information on fatalities associated with product use.
the results will be disclosed within 12 months of our medicines and vaccines. These efforts
after the last patient’s last visit occurs.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 103
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Clinical safety and risk receive a drug. In these situations, we work public. The glossary has over 1,325 words in team to integrate participant feedback with
with regulatory authorities to communicate nine languages and is reviewed by our Employee essential health literacy principles. By creating
management
this information to health care professionals Business Resource Groups for cultural informative labels that are easier to understand,
in a timely manner so they can inform patients competency. In 2024, we made the English and we help patients use their medications safely
The Clinical Safety and Risk Management
through appropriate mechanisms. Spanish glossaries available to the U.S. public and effectively.
organization leads the Risk Management
at: Glossary—Merck Clinical Trials.
Safety Team for all Human Health candidates Our Animal Health Global Pharmacovigilance In 2024, we developed our Global Health
and products, from the beginning of Phase 2b (GPV) team manages a system for the We prioritize health literacy in our labeling Literacy Policy. This Company-wide policy uses
through the end of a product’s lifecycle. Clinical collection, review and reporting of AEs, and for practices. Our labeling team has invented a health literacy principles to establish consistent
Safety and Risk Management is responsible for the ongoing assessment of product safety. method that improves the patient labeling standards for the development of all resources
the development of proactive clinical safety process for new FDA-authorized patient and materials intended for our consumers,
+ For information on our Product Quality and
risk management strategies, including the labels, ensuring comprehension across levels patients and the general public, from product
Safety Assessments, please visit our Animal
Risk Management Plan, which is a regulatory of health literacy and patient demographics. development and continuing throughout the
Health website.
requirement in many countries for marketed This methodology, involving participants with life cycle of the product.
drugs and vaccines. limited to adequate health literacy, allows the
Product label reviews
+ For information on our Animal Health Product
Quality and Safety Assessments, please visit
Ongoing monitoring of our product labels is
our Animal Health website.
a major focus of our safety efforts. Our Label
Review teams monitor information on our
Consistent with applicable FDA regulations,
products and work with our Risk Management
as well as those of relevant health authorities
Safety teams to develop or update labeling and
around the world, the labels on our product
communicate relevant information to regulatory
packaging contain information about potential
authorities worldwide.
adverse reactions and other potential risks
that are either serious or otherwise clinically
Health literacy
significant. We include contact details in our
product packaging and on our corporate website
It’s essential to improve the health literacy of
for patients, human and animal caregivers,
our information for patients and customers.
farmers and producers, and human and animal
We incorporate health literacy into every aspect
health professionals to report adverse events
of clinical development and throughout the
(AEs) in the U.S. Outside the U.S., AEs are
lifecycle of our products. In 2020, we formed
reported in accordance with applicable local
the internal Health Literacy Community of
country laws and practices.
Practice (CoP), with the mission to champion
There are occasions when, in consultation health literacy across the Company by
with regulatory authorities, we may determine making our information more accessible,
that it is important to communicate new understandable and actionable for our
or updated information promptly to health customers and patients. We launched the
care professionals involved in prescribing or Health Literate Glossary in 2021 as a resource
dispensing a drug, or in caring for patients who for creating materials for patients and the

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 104
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Product safety
We operate in a highly complex and ever-
changing regulatory landscape. Specifically,
we use technological advancements like
integrated IT tools, artificial intelligence (AI)
and streamlined digital platforms to enhance
how we manufacture high-quality products.
In addition, we adhere to a strict set of quality
standards and have policies and procedures to
define, measure, control and sustain product
quality. Our Global Quality organization
establishes standards to ensure our products
are manufactured, tested, released and
distributed in compliance with regulatory
requirements. We continuously strive to
enhance these standards to ensure ongoing
compliance with Current Good Manufacturing
Practices (CGMPs). We provide appropriate,
ongoing training on CGMPs for our employees
so they can perform their duties effectively. Our
quality system ensures all applicable employees
are trained and monitors training effectiveness.
Product recalls 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Product recalls: Global¹ 16 15 5 10 4
Product recalls: ex-U.S. 14 13 2 6 3
Units subject to recall: Global² 5,895,375 1,839,656 109,473 20,340,166 13,242
¹ Periods following June 2021 exclude products that were included in the spin-off to Organon & Co. where the Marketing Authorization has transferred to Organon in the impacted markets.
² (a) “Units subject to recall” is defined as units within the scope of a recall that are outside of the Company’s control.
(b) For 2023, 90% of the recalled units are related to two atypical recall events: 1) The recall of two animal health vaccines that have small batch sizes, are made to order and are sold by individual dose, resulted
in 9,539,479 recalled units. Due to how batches are measured, a bottled product would be counted as one unit even though it might contain thousands of doses. By comparison, a made to order vaccine product
sold by the dose would be counted as an individual unit. This difference for the made to order products resulted in the high number of units recalled. 2) The global recall of two human health products, DIPROSAN
and CELESTONE Sterile Suspension, by Organon & Co. (for which the Company remained the Marketing Authorization Holder in certain trailing markets pending transition to Organon & Co. following spin-off)
resulted in 8,818,144 recalled units.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 105
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Counterfeit products
We invest in an industry-leading, rigorous and These collaborative efforts promote the counterfeit products to gain intelligence on the As part of our proactive training and
intelligence-led product integrity strategy intelligence-sharing needed to combat counterfeiters and any threats to public health. awareness programs, throughout 2024,
focused on protecting patients from harm threats from counterfeit medicines, such There were 827 unique questioned samples Global Security trained approximately 3,079
associated with counterfeit, diverted or as through white papers, reports and data received as evidence in our forensic labs and law enforcement personnel in 11 countries on
otherwise illicit medicines. Our Global Security circulation initiatives. prepared for forensic testing in 2024. Globally, the safety risks associated with counterfeit
group oversees our strategy and its execution we also have field-based forensic detection and diverted medications.
The anti-counterfeiting data below outline the
to protect patients and our reputation from devices to analyze and detect counterfeits.
number of new suspected and substantiated Internally, our Global Security group trains
the negative impacts of counterfeit and illicit
counterfeit events in 2024 and for the previous Our forensic scientists have pioneered several employees on identifying and reporting
medicines. We use a three-pronged approach:
four years. The data reflect the status of each analytical tools for detecting and characterizing suspected counterfeit, diversion and tampering
• Securing the supply chain
event for all years as of January 15, 2025. counterfeit medicines. We also explore new (CDT) events. Started in late 2017, this training
• Investigations and enforcement analytical tools to increase our capabilities. has reached more than 112,000 employees and
In 2024, our Global Security group addressed
We share our findings with regulatory and contractors globally.
• Raising public and stakeholder awareness
2,532 new product integrity events in 95
law enforcement agencies for possible use
countries, involving counterfeit, diversion,
We cooperate with relevant government in enforcement actions and legal proceedings.
supply chain security, tampering or brand
agencies, other pharmaceutical manufacturers,
security (non-Merck, unapproved generic
wholesalers, distributors, health professionals,
consumer groups and related organizations in product). Approximately 14.5% of these events Anti-counterfeiting* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
were proactively investigated to identify new
fighting counterfeit pharmaceutical products.
or emerging threats, or to further characterize Investigations of suspected counterfeit products¹ 629 1,045 884 1,251 1,501
We aim to raise awareness of the issue and to
and mitigate known threats.
educate the public about the risks of counterfeit
Substantiated cases of counterfeit products 74 115 237 285 700
products and how to protect against them.
We also support meaningful enforcement
actions as a strategic priority. In 2024, our *Prior-year data have been adjusted to reflect the current status of each event as of January 15, 2025.
This effort includes a multi-pronged approach
product integrity activity contributed to 163 ¹ Evidence from ongoing investigations of suspected counterfeit products can result in recategorization.
to communicating and mitigating the threat
arrests and the seizure of 1,443,080 units of
of counterfeit medicines while recognizing it
counterfeit or illicit versions of our products.
cannot be fully eliminated.
There were at least 42 prosecutions in 2024 for
In addition, our product integrity program pharmaceutical crimes involving our products.
focuses on collaboration and information-
Forensic analysis of questionable products is
sharing to raise public and stakeholder
vital to investigations. This testing determines
awareness of the issue. Through active
whether a questioned product is counterfeit,
partnerships with other pharmaceutical
diverted or otherwise illicit. We characterize
companies and organizations focused
on security, patient safety and public
health, we advocate for high-priority
anti-counterfeiting policy initiatives.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 106
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supply chain integrity Serialization and product security
Serialization—adding a 2D barcode with a
Supply chain security
unique identification number on each package
that goes to market—is a tool we use to secure
We maintain policies and initiatives to
our supply chain and prevent counterfeiting.
proactively protect the legitimate end-to-end
A serial number on individual packages
distribution of our products.
enables anyone along the supply chain, from
We require our customers to purchase our a distributor to a pharmacist to a patient, to
products directly from us or from authorized scan the code and verify it as a genuine product.
distributors listed publicly on our corporate
Many global markets have regulatory
website. Accordingly, we work collaboratively
requirements to serialize pharmaceutical
with internal and external stakeholders to
products. We comply with all mandated
promote security awareness and protect
serialization requirements. Throughout 2024,
the integrity of our supply chain.
we have voluntarily expanded serialization
We ensure compliance with our security into several markets that do not have
policies and programs by identifying supply such requirements. These markets are
network vulnerabilities and threats and by piloting programs to enhance the security
providing reasonable solutions that minimize and traceability of our products using
risk. We have resources globally to manage blockchain technology.
our security programs, identify critical touch
In 2024, we explored digitally enabled anti-
points, collaborate with stakeholders and
counterfeiting technologies to further protect
investigate incidents. In addition, through
our products. These technologies use mobile
our dedicated security intelligence and data
phones to verify packaging features. We
analysis resources, we are well-positioned
have completed proof-of-concept studies
to adapt and respond to changing and newly
and are exploring integration with our
emerging security risks.
packaging. This technology, coupled with
We also use innovative solutions to enhance serialization, would create a powerful, multi-
the security and visibility of our products from factor verification platform to enhance our
origin to final disposition. products’ security.
As a certified importer under the U.S. Customs + For more information on patient access and
Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program, product availability, see the Availability section
we are validated by U.S. Customs and Border on page 26.
Protection as an elite Tier 3 member for
implementing best practices in supply chain
security. This adds an important layer to
the security of our products and materials
imported to the U.S.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 107
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier management
Policies
Business Partner Code of Conduct
Supplier performance expectations
We are committed to the highest ethical standards to help maximize the long-
Supply chain security
term sustainability of our business and of the communities in which we operate.
We strive to conduct business with third parties that share our commitment to Conflict minerals policy
high ethical standards and operate in a responsible and ethical manner. Here,
Counterfeiting of medical products
we use the term “third party” broadly to include any individual or entity that
Human rights
provides goods or services in support of our sourcing initiatives.
+ For information on our policies, please visit our Policies & Positions and Sustainability
We have business relationships with thousands of suppliers, including direct Resources pages on our corporate website.
suppliers (such as external manufacturing providers), capital expenditure
suppliers, indirect suppliers and research providers. Our direct suppliers
We expect all third parties we engage with to comply with all applicable regulations, as well as
provide us with goods, such as packaging, components and ingredients.
share in our commitment to the principles outlined in our Business Partner Code of Conduct.
Capital expenditure suppliers provide goods and services such as engineering
External charters, principles and initiatives that we endorse or guide our work on this topic:
and construction. Our indirect suppliers include those that provide services,
• United Nations (UN) Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR)
such as logistics, travel and meetings, facility management and marketing.
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs)
Our research providers include those that provide lab supplies and other
• International Labour Organization (ILO) Core Conventions
R&D-related services.
• Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Guidelines (OECD)
for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
• UN Global Compact
• Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) Code on Interactions
with Health Care Professionals
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA)
Code of Practice
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
• European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA)
Code of Practice
GRI 2-6 GRI 203 GRI 204 GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 414-1
• Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our Supply Chain Management
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 108
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to • Establishing sustainability requirements as well as in our purchase order terms and care companies that promotes sustainable
that are communicated to our suppliers and conditions. We also make our Business Partner sourcing and better business conditions across
included in supplier selection. (For more Code of Conduct available in multiple languages the industry. The Principles set the standard for
supplier relations
information about how we engage with on our corporate website. human rights, ethics, labor, health and safety,
suppliers, please see our Environmental environment and related management systems.
Our Business Partner Code of Conduct
Sustainability section on pages 69-95) We believe PSCI member companies share our
Our Procurement group sources the goods references the PSCI Principles for Responsible
vision of excellence in safety, environmental
• Reviewing, tracking and communicating
and services we need to further our mission. Supply Chain Management (the Principles).
and social outcomes across the global
supplier sustainability programs
We work with responsible third parties that PSCI is a group of pharmaceutical and health
pharmaceutical and health care value chain.
are aligned to our values and standards • Collaborating as we educate and learn from
and provide the best overall value to our our supply chain, peer companies and best-
business. In addition, to minimize supply chain in-class organizations
disruptions, we identify and mitigate potential
To help manage and address potential
risks related to third parties.
risks associated with third-party business
Our sourcing management process relationships, we have a Third-Party Risk
integrates environmental sustainability, Management program and committee, which
social responsibility, economic inclusion oversees associated practices, systems
and small business development principles and processes.
in every stage. Throughout the supplier
lifecycle, we also establish expectations, Supplier selection and
assess risk, support supplier development
expectations
and manage performance.
Our Global Supplier Management Group We select suppliers that share our values and
(GSMG) drives our Sustainable Sourcing principles. We expect appropriate standards
program and maintains the standards and of conduct and respect for human rights—
processes we use to identify, qualify and consistent with our own—from our suppliers,
manage suppliers. contractors, vendors and external partners.
Our Business Partner Code of Conduct
Our Sustainable Sourcing program includes
communicates our expectations for Human
the following elements:
Rights; Labor & Employment; Health, Safety
• Integration into our Global Sourcing & & Environment; and Ethical Business Practices.
Procurement strategy and processes
We communicate our Business Partner Code of
• A cross-functional team that oversees
Conduct, along with our Supplier Performance
program development and the processes
Expectations, to existing and potential third
and guidelines that encourage best practices,
parties. In addition, they are included in
prevent violations of supply chain standards
requests for information, proposals and quotes,
and limit risk

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 109
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier due When assessments and audits identify Protecting the privacy of Training
deficiencies or opportunities for improvement,
diligence assessments personal information
we monitor suppliers to ensure they address We appreciate the importance of training and
our concerns in a responsible and compliant develop and assign numerous training events
We established a supplier due diligence Some of our suppliers, such as contract research
manner. As part of our monitoring, we have to employees and industry peers and suppliers.
process to evaluate and verify the suitability organizations, market research agencies,
mechanisms to report, track and monitor We assign most of our internal classes through
of suppliers. We conduct an assessment of information technology systems developers,
supplier plans to address nonconformance and our centralized learning system. In addition to
the suppliers’ financial stability, operational corporate card suppliers, and travel and
drive continued improvement. We perform providing training through our internal systems,
capabilities, legal, compliance, cyber resiliency, meeting agencies process personal information
additional reviews for external manufacturing we also work with PSCI to develop and provide
reputation and overall business practices. in connection with their services. We require
suppliers and suppliers that manage personal training to our suppliers and peers.
We then use the information gathered to these suppliers to provide appropriate privacy
and private information.
make informed decisions about supplier protections for the personal information they + Additional details regarding our
selection, mitigating potential risk and + For more information on maintaining a global handle in accordance with our privacy policies supplier-focused programs can be
ensuring compliance with our requirements. supply network, see the Availability section on and applicable privacy laws, regulations found on pages 107-113.
pages 26-30. and guidelines.
Key topics covered by supplier due
diligence include: + See more about our privacy program
on pages 116-118.
• Anti-bribery and corruption
• Conflict minerals
• Restricted-party screening
• Environmental, social and governance risks
• Financial stability
• Information security and cybersecurity
• Intellectual property
• Human rights and labor risks
• Privacy (data protection)
• Supply chain security
• Pharmacovigilance
We have a centralized third-party due diligence
process that uses a single tool across risk
domains. The central due diligence process
integrates risk intelligence data with the third-
party assessments to increase risk sensing,
improve efficiency and provide stronger
mitigation controls.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 110
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier social assessment
Our supplier Labor and Human rights (LHR) Human rights We detect and address risks in our supply We use a self-assessment questionnaire
audit program examines various topics chain through: to gather information on freely chosen
and labor risks
related to a supplier’s social practices. employment, child labor, employment practices,
These audits assess a supplier’s compliance Supplier selection employee disclosures, fair treatment, wages,
We understand that companies with supply
with internationally recognized human rights benefits and working hours. We use suppliers’
and labor standards. We are committed chains that extend into high-risk countries Selecting suppliers that are socially responsible responses to judge whether that supplier has
to upholding the PSCI Principles and we potentially face greater LHR risks. Our supply and that share our commitments to ethics and programs or procedures to address potential
require our suppliers to operate in compliance chain can expose us to these risks, as some integrity—We strive to obtain services, goods, risks for LHR, including modern slavery and
with all applicable laws. GSMG oversees of our third-party suppliers and service active ingredients, components, finished goods human trafficking. We use the information
the implementation of our supplier LHR providers operate in higher-risk countries. or other products in a lawful and fair way. as part of our due diligence to determine the
We consider LHR risks as part of our third-
audit program. acceptability of suppliers’ local practices. Results
party risk management activities. We also
Expectations are applied by GSMG to inform our supplier-
recognize that potential risks may exist
selection and risk-management processes.
beyond Tier 2 suppliers. Setting and communicating our expectations of
suppliers, including those related to child labor,
Contracts
forced labor and human trafficking—We use
our Business Partner Code of Conduct, which Seeking written commitment from suppliers
is made available in multiple languages on our to respect the principles set forth in our
website, to communicate our expectations. Business Partner Code of Conduct through
our contracts/agreements—Our standard
Supply chain mapping contract templates contain a Business Partner
Code of Conduct compliance clause that includes
Mapping our supply chain to identify which of
provisions that address modern slavery.
our suppliers operate in countries known to
present a significant risk of LHR issues—We
Auditing
use this information to decide the level of due
diligence that may be necessary. Performing LHR audits at select supplier
facilities to verify their conformance with our
Due diligence expectations (as stated in our Business Partner
Code of Conduct) and working with them to
Conducting appropriate supplier due diligence
address identified nonconformances—We use
to determine the level of risk presented by
independent third-party audit firms to perform
suppliers, including potential new (prospective)
announced LHR audits at suppliers’ facilities.
suppliers and our existing suppliers—Our
When preparing our audit schedule, we consider
supplier due diligence process for LHR targets
the industry risk, the category of materials
direct materials suppliers, including external
supplied, the country in which the supplier
manufacturing suppliers and indirect suppliers
operates and results of past due diligence.
providing services that pose a higher LHR risk.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 111
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Remedial actions Engagement
Tracking and reporting on the closure of Engaging and seeking input from relevant
remedial actions taken by suppliers to address stakeholders, including GSMG, Ethics &
identified nonconformances (gaps/concerns) Compliance, Legal and Global Safety and
revealed by supplier LHR auditing—We Environment (GSE)—The engagement and
monitor open remedial actions and ensure they collaboration help gather input and guidance
are closed in a timely manner. from subject matter experts.
Monitoring Collaboration
Assigning relationship managers from within Working with PSCI to develop training, tools
GSMG to monitor the performance of key and maturity models, and to share knowledge
suppliers—We hold suppliers accountable for across our industry and with our suppliers—
meeting their contractual obligations. The aim of the collaboration through our PSCI
membership is to help our suppliers identify
Assessing the effectiveness and solve social issues for themselves.
of our program
Training
The metrics listed in the table below help us Providing training to sourcing professionals
assess the effectiveness of our LHR efforts in who have responsibility for supplier selection,
our business and supply chain. We use these oversight and monitoring—Training is provided
measures to monitor our performance and as part of onboarding and covers topics on our
identify opportunities to improve our programs. Business Partner Code of Conduct, third-party
risk management and mitigation of modern
+ You can find a list of our products
slavery risks in supply chains.
and an update on our pipeline on our
corporate website.
Supplier management 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
+ For more information on our sector,
business relationships, financials, operations Supplier Labor and Human Rights (LHR) audits conducted¹ 47 10 12 10 29
and organization changes, please see
our Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2025, Supplier Labor and Human Rights (LHR) audit Corrective Actions and Preventive
100% 100% 100% 100% 89%
Actions (CAPA) closed²
on our corporate website.
Suppliers reached regarding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)³ 1,492 1,856 2,471 2,686 2,820
¹ Announced on-site audits, independently performed by third-party audit firms; primary focus on direct material (Tier 1) supplier facilities located in certain high-risk countries.
² While data is presented based on the year the audit was performed, not all CAPAs are due within the same calendar year. All CAPAs from previous reporting periods have been closed. For the current reporting
period, the CAPA closed percentage is as of July 22, 2025 Open CAPAs will be monitored through closure, and progress will be presented in next year’s report.
³ Suppliers reached regarding ESG means the aggregate number of our suppliers who have attended PSCI’s capability-building program through the Company’s membership in PSCI. Per PSCI’s website, the aim of
this program is “to build supplier knowledge and expertise so they can identify and solve safety, social, environmental and ethical issues for themselves."

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 112
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier environmental assessment Economic inclusion
We integrate environmental sustainability The GSE organization leads the EHS screening We have been working for almost 40 years In 2024, our expenditures covered a global
principles into each stage of our supplier and on-site assessment, including a survey to create economic opportunities by footprint that includes the U.S.; Latin America
management program. Our GSMG drives covering topics such as regulatory compliance, procuring products and services from an (LATAM); Europe, Middle East, Africa and
the program and maintains the associated fatalities and major incidents. array of businesses, ranging in location, Canada (EMEAC); as well as Japan, China and
standards and processes by which we ownership and specialization. We integrate Asia Pacific (JCAP) regions. We understand
Based on the screening results and activities
identify, qualify and manage suppliers. this approach into our overall global business how a healthy, fair and robust supply chain
the supplier undertakes, certain external
The Environmental Sustainability Program development strategy under our fourth pillar empowers people to overcome social and
manufacturers are subject to a more detailed
is an essential element of supplier management (Transform the environmental, cultural and economic barriers.
on-site assessment by a multidisciplinary
along with Social Responsibility, Economic business landscape). When we support small
team, which may include our Quality,
Inclusion and Small Business Development. businesses, we bring economic opportunities to Advanced Leadership
GSE, Global Technical Operations and
We partner with our third parties to drive communities that create jobs, build wealth and
GSMG representatives. We periodically Program
environmental sustainability throughout bring in community development. These efforts
reassess our external manufacturers using
our supply chain. are also good for business. Our efforts support a
a risk-based approach; higher-risk external The Merck Advanced Leadership Program (ALP)
global supply chain that links stakeholders with
+ For more information on our integrated manufacturers are subject to more frequent represents a collaborative effort between our
innovative and qualified suppliers to help us
approach with our suppliers, please see on-site assessments. Company and Drexel University. With a focus on
deliver on our purpose.
pages 69-95. experiential development, this program draws
We expect our external manufacturers will
+ For more information on our overall GD&I upon evidence-based research and the expertise
remediate EHS observations, and we monitor
strategy, please see pages 57-61. of industry practitioners to provide valuable
External manufacturing and track corrective actions and preventative
knowledge and experiences. Participants
actions (CAPAs) through completion.
engage in thought-provoking discussions and
We screen external manufacturers of active
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and finished For 2024, all assessments referenced in facilitated sessions with Drexel University
products for environmental health and safety the table below were performed in person. faculty, as well as their peers and our leadership.
$4.0 billion* These interactions foster self-reflection and
(EHS) compliance, in addition to quality, supply
personal growth, and establish relationships
and technical competence requirements.
Global spend through our economic within a broader community network.
inclusion program, representing
Since its inception, the ALP has made a
18% of our global procurement
profound impact on the landscape of supplier
External manufacturing
spend in 2024
development, as evidenced by recent
EHS assessments 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
evaluations and feedback from participants
*Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend.
and stakeholders. The program is designed to
Prospective external manufacturers 50 42 27 49 47
enhance the capabilities of graduated suppliers,
Current external manufacturers 27 54 51 80 55 equipping them with essential skills and
insights necessary to thrive in an increasingly
Total 77 96 78 129 102 competitive marketplace.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 113
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Key outcomes of the program: 3. Increased confidence and business
relationships: Graduates have also
1. High satisfaction ratings: The ALP has
shared that their participation in the Impact spend in the U.S. (Tier 1)1,2
garnered a weighted average satisfaction
program has significantly boosted their
rating of 4.76 out of 5. Moreover, a Net
confidence, particularly when it comes
Promoter Score of 93 suggests participants
to proposal submissions. This newfound $3.7 billion >43,350
are highly likely to recommend the program
assurance has translated into improved
to peers, reflecting its overall effectiveness
business relationships, with 56% of Spending through our economic Jobs supported through our suppliers
and appeal.
participants reporting an increase in inclusion program
2. Enhanced skills and insights: Participants proposals submitted and 43% noting an
in the program have reported significant uptick in contract acquisitions following
improvements across a variety of critical the program. $6.8 billion $1.9 billion
business domains. Notable areas of
growth include: The ALP has not only facilitated individual Economic impact of U.S. spending Earnings through jobs created/sustained
growth among participants, but has also
• Leadership skills: Developing the capacity
strengthened the overall supplier network. 1 Based on 2024 data.
to lead and motivate teams effectively
By prioritizing continuous improvement and 2 Billion Dollar Roundtable Economic Impact Study. University of Washington, Foster School of Business.
• Marketing strategies: Gaining insights into active engagement with stakeholders, the
modern marketing techniques to boost program is positioned for even greater impact
visibility and sales in the future. The overwhelmingly positive
• Financial insights: Understanding financial feedback and quantitative results highlight
metrics and management for better its effectiveness and underscore its crucial
Breaking Ground Together: Virtual Summit for Suppliers
decision-making role in advancing supplier development. As
in Construction Trades
businesses navigate the complexities of an
• Networking opportunities: Establishing
evolving marketplace, programs like the ALP
valuable connections that can facilitate In 2024, we continued our commitment to connecting virtually with our small and
are invaluable in preparing suppliers to meet
future business opportunities emerging supplier community. We collaborated with our Global Capital Procurement team
these challenges head on.
to organize the “Breaking Ground Together: Virtual Summit for Suppliers in Construction
Trades.” This event provided educational sessions and opportunities for one-on-one
business meetings. It was designed to foster connections between contractors and the key
decision-makers in our construction sector. The summit included two main components:
virtual meetings focused on assessing capabilities and qualifications, followed by an
invitation to our annual summit. We encouraged participation from contractors across
various trade disciplines, including mechanical, electrical and civil engineering, among
others. Additionally, the virtual summit featured engaging presentations from industry
leaders and a fireside chat that highlighted the significance of business innovation.
Attendees had the chance to network directly with decision-makers and receive
timely updates on the outcomes of their interactions. This initiative showcases our
commitment to improving access and encouraging broader participation within the
construction industry.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 114
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Human rights
Policies
Code of Conduct
We have a responsibility to respect internationally recognized human rights
Business Partner Code of Conduct
standards. We believe dignity and respect for people is essential in business.
Respect for human rights is core to our purpose to save and improve lives Clinical trial ethics
around the world.
Human rights
Use of medicine in capital punishment
Conflict minerals policy
External charters, principles and initiatives that we endorse that guide our work
on this topic:
• UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR)
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs)
• International Labour Organization (ILO) Core Conventions
• Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Guidelines (OECD)
for Multinational Enterprises
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
• UN Global Compact
• Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) Code on Interactions
with Health Care Professionals
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA)
Code of Practice
• European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA)
Code of Practice
• Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible
Supply Chain Management
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 412 GRI 412-1 GRI 412-2 GRI 412-3
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 115
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to human rights
We embed respect for human rights in our supply chain workers and local communities. Remedy Employee training on
policies, conducting risk assessments and due The human rights impact assessment for the
human rights
diligence, engaging with suppliers, providing same scope was refreshed in 2024 using the To protect against human rights abuses, we
training, maintaining grievance mechanisms same methodology. In addition, we reviewed maintain a grievance mechanism that allows
We embed business-related human rights
and encouraging the reporting of concerns. and updated our Human Rights Public Policy employees and others to report concerns in a
issues within our Enterprise Management
Through these measures, we identify, address in 2024 to ensure it remains effective in confidential manner, without fear of retaliation.
Training (EMT) program to help maintain
and mitigate human rights-related risks addressing human rights issues. We provide multiple channels for reporting,
employee awareness and understanding of
throughout our operations and supply chain. including our Speak Up tool at MSDethics.com.
our expectations. Examples of human rights-
Our Human Rights Public Policy expresses We expect our suppliers and other business related topics that our EMT program covers
our commitment to respect and promote partners to encourage all workers to report in 2024 include: privacy and data protection;
internationally recognized human rights concerns or suspected illegal activities without harassment and discrimination; fairness
standards. It also explains our approach to threat of reprisal, intimidation or harassment, and inclusion; our Code of Conduct; and
identifying, preventing and mitigating adverse and to investigate and take corrective action training that explains how to report concerns,
human rights impacts related to our operations if needed. In addition, we expect our suppliers emphasizing the importance of speaking up.
and supply chain. We strive to avoid causing or to provide workers with information on how to
contributing to adverse human rights impacts confidentially report concerns. Investment agreements
through our activities and seek to prevent
In addition, we maintain a process to receive, and contracts
or mitigate adverse impacts linked to our
investigate and address concerns related to
operations and products.
our employees, suppliers or local communities GSMG manages contract development and
We reflect our commitment to respect human regarding any potential human rights abuses. execution activities related to the selection
rights in our Code of Conduct, our Business and sourcing of suppliers of goods and
+ For more information on mechanisms for
Partner Code of Conduct and in relevant services. Through our standard contracts and
raising concerns, please see page 98.
corporate policies. In addition, we integrate our agreements, we seek a written commitment
commitment into our Strategic Framework, from suppliers to respect and abide by the
which encompasses our key priorities, Governance principles in our Business Partner Code of
guiding principles, core values and annual Conduct (BPCC). Our BPCC states suppliers
enterprise initiatives. Leaders across the organization support our and business partners are expected to uphold
oversight and monitoring of business-related the human rights of workers, to treat workers
In 2023, we partnered with external human
human rights risks, including HR, Global with dignity, to respect the protection of
rights experts and conducted an enterprise-
Safety & Environment, the Global Supplier internationally proclaimed human rights
wide human rights assessment to identify
Management Group (GSMG), the Ethics & and to ensure they are not complicit in
human rights risks and impacts within our
Compliance Office, the Global Privacy Office, human rights abuses.
operations and supply chain. This involved
Enterprise Risk Management, the Office of
mapping potential risks and impacts on + For more information on our social
Social Impact and Sustainability, and the
various stakeholders, including employees, assessments for suppliers, please see
Strategic Policy and Sustainability Council
pages 110-111.
(SPSC), a governing body for sustainability.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 116
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Privacy and data security
We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy rights of people we
interact with—patients, customers, partners and employees. We demonstrate
that commitment by deploying our global privacy program. Our program
is designed to respect individuals, develop trust, prevent harm and ensure
compliance with the letter and spirit of privacy and data protection laws
around the world. This is especially important in an era of rapid technological
development and an evolving regulatory landscape.
In addition, we continue to improve our comprehensive, global,
state-of-the-art information security and cyber resiliency program.
Goals 2024
100%
Maintain 100% compliance to privacy and data protection
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section: regulatory requirements for active incident monitoring, compliance
risk/harm analysis and on-time notification of data breaches¹ maintained
GRI 418 GRI 418-1
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from
¹ Regulatory requirements differ by region
our prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 117
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to privacy and data security
Over the past 20 years, we have developed and Our holistic approach to privacy has its origins in the development of Company principles Our approach to privacy and personal data
continually improved a comprehensive global biomedical research ethics and the protection of that ensure our use of AI follows ethical protection is one of accountability and
privacy program that promotes organizational participants in our research studies. In addition, and legal principles. We are committed to transparency. Our Chief Ethics and Compliance
accountability for privacy, data governance and for other activities and processes involving developing, deploying and using our AI systems Officer leads the Global Privacy Office and
data protection across our business and with data about people, we have adapted human transparently and adhering to our privacy and reports to the General Counsel, who is part of
our partners and suppliers. We were the first in subject research ethics standards for risk data security policies. the Executive Team and reports directly to our
the world to obtain regulatory approval in the benefit analysis, transparency, anonymization, CEO. Oversight of our global privacy program is
EU for Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), based coding and prior review. Global privacy program conducted by our Privacy and Data Protection
in part on our existing Asia-Pacific Economic Board (PDPB), a cross-functional governance
We recognize the exceptional potential that
Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules Our global privacy program is designed to body that meets quarterly to discuss the
artificial intelligence (AI) holds for enabling our
(CBPRs)-certified program. ensure continued compliance in a dynamic and strategic direction of our program.
Company to innovate and improve the lives
evolving regulatory landscape. In the U.S.,
This achievement demonstrates organizations of patients worldwide as well as to enhance At the heart of this effort is a global privacy
19 states have enacted data privacy laws of
can rely on common internal standards relevant business processes. However, we are program with a network of more than 300
some kind and countries around the world
and processes to govern international data also aware of AI risks in protecting privacy and privacy stewards globally. One of the many
continue to develop their data privacy legal
transfers across both the EU and APEC regions, personal information, such as the inaccuracy of tasks of this network is to measure program
framework. AI regulations are also emerging
simplifying their ability to address the growing data and biased processing. This is where our maturity through a combination of annual
with increasing frequency and complexity.
regulatory challenges in this area. privacy program plays a key role in supporting privacy self-assessments at the entity and
By anchoring our global program to the legal
organization level, and through internal,
requirements of the EU General Data Protection
comprehensive privacy audits. With privacy
Regulation (GDPR), we are well-positioned to
recognized as a human right in almost every
comply with new global regulations designed to
location around the world, the pull through of
model the GDPR and its key principles.
the global privacy program through the network
To keep pace with the evolving regulatory of privacy stewards broadens its reach beyond
landscape, we engage proactively with law the Global Privacy Office.
and policymakers and participate in renowned
Our privacy and data protection impact
international initiatives and forums such as
assessments can identify and address potential
the International Pharmaceutical & Medical
privacy risks through controls and remediation
Device Privacy Consortium, the Global Privacy
approaches aligned to regulatory requirements
Assembly, the Information Accountability
and best practices. We are increasingly reliant
Foundation, the Centre for Information Policy
on third-party partners and service providers
Leadership and the International Association
to assist us in our global operations. Just as we
of Privacy Professionals.
need to pay close attention to privacy and data
protection, so do the third parties in our supply
chain. We employ a robust third-party due
diligence process to ensure we only do business
with those who share our values and standards.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 118
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
We also provide annual mandatory privacy
and cybersecurity training to communicate Global privacy program 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
and reinforce the guidelines of our privacy
Concerns regarding privacy practices, breaches of privacy and losses of personal data that were substantiated¹ 250 425 217 302 309
and information security policies as well as
our commitment to a strong culture of privacy
Privacy breaches requiring notification by our Company to individuals or government authorities 0 3 4 10 8
and cybersecurity compliance. We have a
systematic approach for ensuring employees ¹ (a) Includes all concerns about our privacy practices reported to our Company's Privacy Office and substantiated or verified. Verified concerns are investigated as part of the Company's Incident Management
can understand and comply with our policies, Process, which includes a determination of whether regulatory or data subject notification is required.
(b) Increased sensitivity of network traffic monitors contributed to increased number in 2021.
including a robust cybersecurity training and
(c) Consistent network traffic monitoring and increased privacy and cybersecurity awareness efforts resulted in reduced number of privacy incidents in 2022.
awareness program that provides learning
(d) As part of the Global Privacy Office’s efforts to deepen further the company's understanding of the global privacy program, a series of quarterly awareness campaigns were rolled out to all employees and
opportunities to encourage employees to contractors in 2023. One such awareness campaign focused exclusively on recognizing and reporting privacy incidents, whether occurring internally or at an external processor. This heightened awareness directly
resulted in an increase in the number of reported privacy incidents in Asia Pacific and Latin America, as well as by the Animal Health division.
make security-aware decisions. Training topics
(e) Privacy incidents reporting levels remained stable for 2024.
include, but are not limited to, information
protection, identity, email, browsing and mobile
security. We also expect employees to maintain
an up-to-date record of their qualifications that
details relevant cybersecurity work experience,
skills, certifications and internal, industry or
vendor-provided training.
We welcome customers, employees,
candidates, patients and others whose personal
information we may have in our systems to
raise requests about their data, such as to
access, correct, port or delete the information.
We have a well-established process for
reporting privacy incidents to the Global Privacy
Office for investigation. The first step of this
process is to verify the facts reported and to
substantiate the concerns. In 2024, we received
309 substantiated privacy concerns, which
marks a 2% increase compared to the previous
year. Increasingly effective efforts toward
raising awareness about privacy incidents
globally contributed to this increase. 8 out of
309 incidents were deemed to be reportable to
data protection authorities or data subjects.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 119
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Government relations
Our Company engages in the political process at the federal, state and
international levels to educate policymakers, lawmakers and candidates
on issues critical to our industry and to our purpose to invent new medicines
and vaccines to save and improve lives.
The Center for Political Accountability (CPA), in conjunction with the Zicklin
Center for Governance & Business Ethics at The Wharton School of the
University of Pennsylvania, has recognized our Company as a “Trendsetter”
for the last eight years in their annual CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political
Disclosure and Accountability report. The CPA-Zicklin Index assesses
companies’ disclosure practices and spending and accountability policies for
spending with corporate or treasury funds to influence elections. Zicklin defines
a Trendsetter as an S&P 500 company scoring 90% or above for political
disclosure and accountability.
CPA-Zicklin Index
For the last eight years, we have been listed as a “Trendsetter” in CPA’s annual index
of the top 100 companies in the Russell 1000, which demonstrates our commitment to
transparency around political giving.
Policies
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
Independent expenditures
GRI 2-28 GRI 415 GRI 415-1
Trade association dues
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 120
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to government relations
We make bipartisan contributions that we In addition, we made contributions in the
carefully consider on a case-by-case basis. U.S. through our Political Action Committee
In establishing our political giving priorities, (PAC) to support state and federal candidates.
our Political Contributions Committee considers These contributions are fully funded by
various factors to prioritize candidates who voluntary employee contributions. In 2024,
support policies that enhance innovation and our PAC spent a total of $904,090. These
patient access to health care. While we provide contributions included financial support
contributions to candidates who support for the campaigns of 466 candidates in 41
innovation and access, we recognize that we states. The breakdown by party affiliation
do not agree with every position that recipients was approximately 36% Democrat and 64%
take on every social and business issue. Republican. This program also provided
support to state and federal legislative
Political contributions leadership committees.
Our representatives involved in state and
We spent a total of $1,152,100 in U.S. corporate
federal government relations activities made
political contributions at the state level in
the recommendations for specific corporate
2024. A large portion of these funds was used
political and PAC contributions based on the
to support the campaigns of 513 candidates
budget and priorities approved by the Political
in 29 states. The party breakdown of the
Contributions Committee.
contributions for individual candidates was
approximately 43% Democratic and 57% In 2024, we also provided corporate
Republican. Republicans held a majority in contributions to candidates or political parties
50 chambers, Democrats held the majority in Australia and Japan. These contributions
in 33 chambers, and in two chambers, power were consistent with the electoral funding and
was divided equally between the parties. disclosure laws of their respective countries.
Under our corporate political contributions + Information on our political contributions
program, we also provided support to is on the Transparency Disclosures page
state legislative leadership committees, of our corporate website.
industry-affiliated PACs and several national
organizations representing state elected
officials. Examples of these groups include
the Republican Governors Association and
the Democratic Governors Association.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 121
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Membership associations Through our top three trade associations, in • Protecting access to animal health • Fostering frameworks for sound pricing and
2024, we engaged on the following policy issues products, including vaccines, medicines procurement regimes in and across diverse
We are a member of numerous U.S.-based at the U.S. federal level: and technology solutions EU member state economies
industry and trade groups. We work with
• Medicare Part B • Educating state policymakers on the • Supporting government vaccination
these groups because they represent the
impact of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl programs
• Medicare Part D
pharmaceutical industry and business
substances (PFAS) regulations on active
• Advancing the dialogue for sustainable
community in debates led by governments • Pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) reform
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) used
models to fund future cancer and
and other stakeholders, and because they
in animal and human health products
We also engaged on the following policy issues cardiovascular care
help the industry reach consensus on public
at the U.S. state level in 2024: • Animal welfare and research
policy issues. • Improving standards for health technology
• Advancing market-based solutions to support assessment and health literacy
In addition, we engaged on the following
Our top three trade associations in 2024: patient access to innovative medicines,
policy issues in Europe in 2024: • Ensuring science-based policies for
• PhRMA vaccines and health care
biological medicines
• Addressing the European
• Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) • Supporting policies to enable a strong
Commission’s review of incentives • Science-based trade policy for farm animals
business environment for U.S. operations
• U.S. Chamber of Commerce for biopharmaceutical products and food products derived from farm animals
• Protecting a strong immunization
• EU Chemicals Sustainability Strategy
When our trade associations actively lobby
infrastructure
and the Zero Pollution Action Plan
on our core business issues, we seek to align
their positions with our own. There are times, • Animal welfare and the science-
however, when we may not share the views based solutions provided by our new
of our peers or associations—both on issues technology portfolio
that are central to our business and on those
• Animal health as a contributor to
that, while important, are not directly material
food sustainability
to our purpose. With representatives on
boards and committees of industry groups and In 2024, we conducted a climate policy alignment
trade associations, we can voice questions or assessment of U.S. trade associations in which
concerns we may have about policy or related we were a member in 2023 and where our dues
activities. We may even recuse ourselves from were greater than $25,000. For this assessment,
related trade association or industry group we determined whether these trade associations
activities when appropriate. had publicly disclosed formal positions on climate
change and, if so, we reviewed those positions
We disclose a list of industry and trade groups
in the context of our position on climate change.
of which we are members and for which
This assessment is on the Sustainability
our dues are greater than $25,000 and the
Resources page of our corporate website.
amount of those dues that are used for political
purposes. We encourage all trade associations + Information on our approach to climate change
to which we belong to disclose publicly their is on pages 70-76.
political activities as well.
+ Please see the Transparency Disclosures page
on our corporate website for a list of our U.S.
industry and trade groups.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 122
Reporting indices
Indices included in this report
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
UN Global Compact (UNGC)
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 123
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards represent global best practices for reporting publicly on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. The table below summarizes where responses to
the GRI disclosures can be found throughout this report.
General disclosures
GRI # Description Response
2-1 Organizational details Page 4
All of our Company’s global operations, including those of subsidiaries, are in scope for this
report unless stated otherwise. This report includes activities at all facilities, owned and
leased, over which we have operational control, unless otherwise noted.
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting
The basis for reporting on other matters specific to the operations of our business can be
found in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Except as otherwise noted, we report on our policies, initiatives and performance annually.
The data in this report cover the same period as our annual financial reporting, from January
1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. In some cases, the narrative in the report also includes
content regarding decisions and initiatives that took place in the first half of 2024.
Our last Impact Report was published in August 2024.
We welcome your feedback on this report, as well as any other comments or questions you
may have. You may contact us at the address, email, phone number or web address below.
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Merck & Co., Inc.
Social Impact & Sustainability
126 East Lincoln Avenue
P.O. Box 2000
Rahway, NJ 07065 USA
investor_relations@merck.com
908-740-4000
merck.com/contact-us/
Any restatements of information from prior Impact Reports, and the reasons for these
2-4 Restatements of information
restatements, are described in the footnotes beneath the performance data tables.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 124
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
We engaged an external third-party to perform a limited assurance engagement over select
2024 GHG emissions metrics included in this report. To view the Report of Independent
Accountants, please visit the Sustainability Resources page of our corporate website. The
2-5 External assurance limited assurance engagement was performed in accordance with attestation standards
established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) in AT-C section
105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT-C section 210, Review
Engagements. We did not obtain external verification for this Impact Report in its entirety.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Pages 107-113
2-7 Employees Pages 43-68
2-8 Workers who are not employees Pages 63-64, 68
2-9 Governance structure and composition
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body
Page 11. Additional information on our Board structure and roles can also be found in our
2025 proxy statement (pages 6-23, 27-28).
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
Relevant information with respect to our Board can be found in Section 13 of the Policies of the Board
2-15 Conflicts of interest
of Directors.
For information on communicating to the Board, as well as topics discussed with shareholders, please
2-16 Communication of critical concerns
visit our 2025 proxy statement (page 25).
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Information on our Board’s and its Committees’ responsibilities, including with respect to
sustainability, as well as information on our Board’s and its Committees’ self-evaluations can be found
in our 2025 proxy statement (pages 14-23) and in the Policies of the Board and the Committees’
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body
charters, which are available on our corporate website.
A full discussion of our remuneration policies for our Board and for Named Executive Officers (NEOs)
can be found in our 2025 proxy statement (pages 40-83). For information on how a measure in our
2-19 Remuneration policies
Company’s Scorecard links the compensation of most employees, including our executives, to certain
Sustainability metrics, please see page 53 of our 2025 proxy statement.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 125
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
A full discussion of our approach to remuneration for our Board and for Named Executive Officers
(NEOs) can be found on pages 40-83 of our 2025 proxy statement. For information on how a measure
in our Company’s Scorecard links the compensation of most employees, including our executives,
2-20 Process to determine remuneration
to certain Sustainability metrics, please see page 53. To learn more about the non-binding advisory
vote to approve the compensation of our NEOs, please see our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on May 29, 2025, a copy of which is available on our corporate website.
For more information on the CEO pay ratio, and methodology for determining this ratio, please see
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio
page 64 of our 2025 proxy statement.
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Pages 9-10
2-23 Policy commitments Pages 21, 62, 70, 77, 82, 85, 97, 107, 114, 119
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Pages 21, 70, 77, 82, 85, 97, 107, 114
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Our efforts to remediate the negative impacts of our operations are addressed throughout this report.
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Pages 98, 115
We did not have any significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations in 2024,
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations
globally.
2-28 Membership associations Page 121
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Pages 13-14
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Page 56, Human Rights policies
Material topics
3-1 Process to determine material topics
3-2 List of material topics Page 12
3-3 Management of material topics

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 126
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Economic
GRI # Description Response
GRI 201 Economic performance (2016)
For information about our business and economic performance, please see our Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2024, on our corporate website. For information on our overall tax
strategy, please see our Global Tax Strategy on our corporate website. Information on our employee
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed
compensation and benefits can be found on pages 52-56 of this report. For more information on our
impact investments, please visit our Impact Investing page on our corporate website and on page 39
and 42 of this report.
Please visit our 2024 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report on our
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
corporate website.
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Pages 52-56, as well as our Well-being Report
GRI 203 Indirect economic impacts (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
Pages 18-42, 112-113
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts
GRI 204 Procurement practices (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 107-113
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
GRI 205 Anti-corruption (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 97-100
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Page 100
GRI 206 Anti-competitive behavior (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 97-10
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices Page 100

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 127
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
GRI 207 Tax (2019)
For information on our tax strategy, the responsible party within our Company and our approach to
207-1 Approach to tax
compliance, please see our Global Tax Strategy on our corporate website.
Environmental
GRI # Description Response
GRI 301 Materials (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 85-89
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
GRI 302 Energy (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
Pages 70-75, 90-91
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption
GRI 303 Water and effluents (2018)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource
Pages 77-79, 93
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts
303-3 Water withdrawal
303-4 Water discharge
GRI 304 Biodiversity (2016)
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity
Pages 80-81
304-3 Habitats protected or restored

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 128
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
GRI 305 Emissions (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
Pages 70-72, 75-76, 90-92
305-4 GHG emissions intensity
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOₓ), sulfur oxides (SOₓ), and other significant air emissions
GRI 306 Waste (2020)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts
Pages 82-84, 94-95
306-3 Waste generated
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal
306-5 Waste directed to disposal
GRI 308 Supplier environmental assessment (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 107-109, 112
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Page 112

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 129
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Social
GRI # Description Response
GRI 401 Employment (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 44-47, 50-61
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Pages 47-49
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Pages 52-56, as well as our Well-being Report
Our global workforce has access to at least 12 weeks of paid parental time off.
401-3 Parental leave
For more information, please see our Well-being Report as well as the Compensation and Benefits
page on our corporate website.
GRI 403 Occupational health & safety (2018)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 62-66
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Pages 62-63
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Pages 63-66
403-3 Occupational health services Pages 63-66
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Pages 64-65
403-6 Promotion of worker health Page 66, as well as our Well-being Report
403-9 Work-related injuries Pages 67-68
403-10 Work-related ill health Page 64-66

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 130
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
GRI 404 Training & education (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 50-51
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Page 50
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Pages 50-51 and information on topic-specific trainings can be found throughout the report
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Page 46
GRI 405 Diversity & equal opportunity (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 57-60
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Page 61
GRI 412 Human rights assessment (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews
Pages 107-111, 114-115, Human Rights policy
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies and procedures
412-3 Investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or underwent screening
GRI 414 Supplier social assessment (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
Pages 110-111
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Page 111

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 131
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
GRI # Description Response
GRI 415 Public policy (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 119-121
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
415-1 Political contributions Pages 120-121
GRI 416 Customer health & safety (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Pages 101-106
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Pages 104-105
GRI 417 Marketing & labeling (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
Pages 102-103
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling
GRI 418 Customer privacy (2016)
Management Explanation of the material topic, its boundary, how the topic is managed and mechanisms for
Approach evaluating the effectiveness of the company's strategy
Pages 116-118
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 132
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
SASB is an independent standards-setting organization dedicated to improving the effectiveness and comparability of corporate disclosure on sustainability-related factors. The table below summarizes how our
existing reporting aligns with the recommended metrics for the Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals Standard within the Health Care sector, and where this information can be found in this report.
SASB # Description Response
Safety of clinical trial participants
Discussion, by region, of management process for ensuring quality and patient safety during
210a.1 Pages 25, 101-104
clinical trials
Number of inspections related to clinical trial management and pharmacovigilance that resulted in:
210a.2 None
(1) entity voluntary remediation or (2) regulatory or administrative actions taken against the entity
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with clinical trials
210a.3 Not reported
in developing countries
Access to medicines
Description of actions and initiatives to promote access to health care products for priority diseases
240a.1 Pages 18-42
and in priority countries as defined by the Access to Medicine Index
List of products on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products as part of its Prequalification of
240a.2 Page 28
Medicines Programme (PQP)
Affordability and pricing
Percentage change in: (1) weighted average list price and (2) weighted average net price across
240b.2 Not reported
product portfolio compared to previous reporting period
Percentage change in: (1) list price and (2) net price of product with largest increase compared to
240b.3 Not reported
previous reporting period

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 133
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
SASB # Description Response
Drug safety
250a.1 Products listed in public medical product safety or adverse event alert databases
FAERS MedWatch
250a.2 Number of fatalities associated with products
250a.3 (1) Number of recalls issued, (2) total units recalled FAERS MedWatch, and page 104
250a.4 Total amount of product accepted for take-back, reuse, or disposal We do not collect data on the amount of product accepted for takeback, reuse or disposal.
Number of enforcement actions taken in response to violations of good manufacturing practices
250a.5 Please visit the FDA website for more information.
(GMP) or equivalent standards, by type
Counterfeit drugs
Description of methods and technologies used to maintain traceability of products throughout
260a.1
the supply chain and prevent counterfeiting
Discussion of process for alerting customers and business partners to potential or known risks
260a.2 Pages 105-106
associated with counterfeit products
Number of actions that led to raids, seizure, arrests, or filing of criminal charges related
260a.3
to counterfeit products
Ethical marketing
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false
270a.1 Not reported
marketing claims
270a.2 Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off-label use of products Pages 102-103
Employee recruitment, development and retention
Discussion of talent recruitment and retention efforts for scientists and research
330a.1 Pages 47-48
and development staff
(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for: (a) executives/senior managers, (b) mid-level
330a.2 Page 48
managers, (c) professionals, and (d) all others

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 134
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
SASB # Description Response
Supply chain management
Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ facilities participating in the Rx-360 Our Human Health and Animal Health divisions both use the Rx-360 audit program as a resource for
430a.1 International Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Consortium audit programme or equivalent third-party purchasing audit reports in the event that suppliers refuse audits, but we do not currently publish
audit programmes for integrity of supply chain and ingredients this percentage
Business ethics
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with corruption
510a.1 Not reported
and bribery
Page 97, Code of Conduct & Compliance, and PhRMA Code on Interactions with Health
510a.2 Description of code of ethics governing interactions with health care professionals
Care Professionals
Activity metrics
000.A Number of patients treated Page 18, 20, 22, 25-26, 31-34, 36-41
000.B Number of drugs (1) in portfolio and (2) in research and development (Phases 1-3) Pipeline

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 135
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
UN Global Compact (UNGC)
The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is a voluntary initiative that encourages businesses to adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies and practices. It provides a framework for companies to align
their operations and strategies with ten universally recognized principles in the areas of human rights, labor standards, environmental protection and anti-corruption efforts. As a participant in the UNGC, we
have committed to integrating these principles into our business practices. The table below shows where each principle features in this report.
Principle Description Response
Human rights
1 Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights Pages 117-118, Human Rights policy
2 Businesses should make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses Pages 97, 110-112, 114-115, Human Rights policy
Labor
3 Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the rights to collective bargaining Page 56, Human Rights policy
4 Businesses should support the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor
Pages 97, 110-112, 114-115, Human Rights policy
5 Businesses should support the effective abolition of child labor
6 Businesses should support the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation Pages 57-61, 115
Environment
7 Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges
Pages 69-95, Respect for Environmental,
8 Businesses should undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility
Health and Safety
9 Businesses should encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies
Anti-corruption
10 Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery Page 100

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 136
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
The SDGs are a set of 17 global goals whose aim is to end poverty, fight inequality and injustice, and tackle climate change by 2030. The table below summarizes how our reporting aligns with the SDGs and where
this information can be found in this report.
Goal Description Response
SDG 1: No Poverty End poverty in all its forms everywhere Pages 18-42
SDG 2: Zero Hunger End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture Merck Animal Health
SDG 3: Good Health & Well-being Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages Pages 18-42, 62-68, 100, Well-being Report
SDG 4: Quality Education Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all Pages 50-51
SDG 5: Gender Equality Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls Page 61
SDG 6: Clean Water & Sanitation Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all Pages 77-79
SDG 7: Affordable & Clean Energy Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all Pages 70-75
SDG 8: Decent Work & Economic Growth Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all Pages 43-61, 107-113
SDG 9: Industry, Innovation &
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation Pages 22-25, 38-40
Infrastructure
SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities Reduce inequality within and among countries Human Rights policy
SDG 11: Cities & Communities Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable Not applicable
SDG 12: Responsible Consumption &
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns Pages 82-89
Production
SDG 13: Climate Action Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts Pages 70-76
SDG 14: Life Below Water Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development
Pages 77-81
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, halt
SDG 15: Life on Land
and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss
SDG 16: Peace, Justice & Strong Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective,
Pages 38-42, 100
Institutions accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels
SDG 17: Partnerships for the Goals Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development Pages 13-14, 17

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 137
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics
At the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) annual meeting in Davos in 2020, 120 of the world’s largest companies supported efforts to develop a core set of common metrics and disclosures for their investors and
other stakeholders. Below is our alignment against the Core metrics in this framework, as well as select disclosures from the Expanded metrics. Merck currently is not a signatory to the Stakeholder Capitalism
Metrics.
Principles of governance
Metric Response
Governing purpose
Setting purpose (Core)
Pages 9-11
Purpose-led management (Expanded)
Quality of governing body
Page 11. Additional information on our Board structure and roles can also be found in our 2025 proxy statement
Governance body composition (Core)
(pages 11-23, 27-28).
Progress against strategic milestones (Expanded) Pages 15-16
A full discussion of our remuneration policies for our Board and for Named Executive Officers (NEOs) can be found
in our 2025 proxy statement (pages 40-83). For information on how a measure in our Company’s Scorecard links
Remuneration (Expanded)
the compensation of most employees, including our executives, to certain Sustainability metrics, please see page
53 of our 2025 proxy statement.
Stakeholder engagement
Material issues impacting stakeholders (Core) Page 12
Ethical behavior
Anti-corruption (Core) Page 100
Protected ethics advice and reporting mechanisms (Core) Pages 15-16
Alignment of strategy and policies to lobbying (Expanded) Pages 119-121
Risk and opportunity oversight
Integrating risk and opportunity into business process (Core) Pages 11, 13

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 138
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Planet
Metric Response
Climate change
GHG emissions (Core) Pages 70-76, 90-92
Paris-aligned GHG emissions targets (Expanded) Pages 70-71, 90
TCFD implementation (Core) Pages 71-72
Nature loss
Land use and ecological sensitivity (Core) Pages 80-81
Freshwater availability
Water consumption and withdrawal in water-stressed areas (Core) Pages 77-79, 93
Impact of freshwater consumption and withdrawal (Expanded) CDP
Air pollution
Air pollution (Expanded) Pages 76, 92
People
Metric Response
Dignity and equality
Pay equality (Core) Not reported
Wage level (Core) Not reported
Risk for incidents of child, forced or compulsory labor (Core) Page 115, Human Rights policy
Human rights review, grievance impact and modern slavery (Expanded) Page 115, Human Rights policy
Freedom of association and collective bargaining at risk (Expanded) Pages 52-53, 110-111, Human Rights policy

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 139
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Health and well-being
Health and safety (Core) Pages 62-68
Employee well-being (Expanded) Pages 62-68, Well-being Report
Skills for the future
Training provided (Core) Pages 50-51
Prosperity
Metric Response
Employment and wealth generation
Absolute number and rate of employment (Core) Pages 47-49
Infrastructure investments and services supported (Expanded) Pages 22-25, 38-40
Economic contribution (Core) 2024 Form 10-K
Financial investment contribution (Core) 2024 Form 10-K
Significant indirect economic impacts (Expanded) Pages 22-42
Innovation for better products and services
Total R&D expenses (Core) 2024 Form 10-K, page 58
Community and social vitality
Total tax paid (Core) 2024 Form 10-K

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 140
Forward-looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway,
N.J., USA
This report of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N.J., USA (the “Company”) includes
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions
of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are
based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company’s management
and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees
with respect to pipeline candidates that the candidates will receive the
necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially
successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties
materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the
forward-looking statements.
Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions
and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency
exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation
and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends
toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and
patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development,
including obtaining regulatory approval; the Company’s ability to accurately predict
future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of
international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the
Company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure
to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions.
The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the Company’s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet
site (www.sec.gov).
No duty to update
The information contained in this publication was current as of the date presented.
The Company assumes no duty to update the information to reflect subsequent
developments. Consequently, the Company will not update the information
contained in this publication and investors should not rely upon the information
as current or accurate after the presentation date.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

