Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 100
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Anti-corruption Anti-competitive behavior
Our reputation for ethics and integrity Divisional policies anchor to our corporate anti- Our customers benefit from fair, free and open Fostering pro-competitive
underpins our relationship with health care corruption policy and reinforce the principles markets. Though we work in a competitive
practices
professionals, patients and other stakeholders. for certain higher-risk activities involving ToV industry, it is important we compete fairly,
Bribery and corruption are illegal and to government officials outside of the U.S. legally and based on the merits of our products
Our commercial teams support appropriate
undermine public trust. They also establish the systems and processes and services.
access to our approved products by using
for appropriate pre-engagement and anti-
We adhere to applicable anti-corruption laws Our interactions with customers, suppliers approved promotional content, consistent with
corruption due diligence.
and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt and competitors are governed by antitrust and applicable regulatory laws, to inform customers
Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Our Business Partner Code of Conduct competition laws, which we supplement with of options.
presents similar and consistent anti-corruption a corporate policy addressing antitrust and
Our anti-corruption policy prohibits the We adhere to external laws, regulations
principles for our partners. (The term “partners” competition issues.
offer, promise or giving of any payment or and industry codes of conduct, as well as to
collectively refers to all types of organizations
benefit—transfer of value (ToV) to or for the We recognize our reputation for integrity, our global Code of Conduct, our corporate
that provide goods, services or resources.) It
benefit of—an individual or entity in order trust, honesty and fair dealing depends on fair policies and procedures, and our ethics and
states business partners shall not offer to pay,
to improperly influence decisions or actions competition. We strive to promote appropriate compliance program.
ask for or accept anything of value—or give the
regarding our business. The policy applies to customer choice, business relationships and
appearance that they do—in order to improperly
In addition, our ethics and compliance program
ToV in connection with direct engagements business practices. Our policies help our
influence decisions or actions regarding our
seeks to prevent inappropriate practices.
(i.e., those we conducted) and indirect employees recognize that we gain competitive
business or government activities. It also bars
We monitor our practices and address
engagements (i.e., those managed by a third- advantage through the merits of our products
doing so through intermediaries. Our partners
noncompliance to ensure our interactions
party intermediary or partner). The policy and services, never through unethical or illegal
must adhere to these principles and operate in
with customers and consumers do not
applies to ToV offered, promised or provided anti-competitive business practices.
full compliance with the Business Partner Code
include unsubstantiated competitive claims.
to private and public officials.
of Conduct.