Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 56
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Financial well-being which includes pension and 401(k) plans Social well-being Mental Health Day) are mental health-themed
in the U.S. These plans often supplement months when we provide live webcasts and
Financial well-being defines a sense of security government-sponsored social security benefits Our social well-being programs and initiatives invite motivational speakers to engage with
and, for some, a feeling of control over day-to- to improve employees’ financial security create a sense of belonging and connection to our employees. For November each year, we
day and long-term finances. Money matters can through added retirement income. people and communities within and outside promote “Movember,” which is Men’s Health
affect a person’s mental and physical well-being, of work. Positive interactions with colleagues, and Suicide Prevention Month.
so we’re committed to providing the benefits, Disaster relief and crisis support managers and leaders encourage employee
tools and resources for this important element engagement, improved physical and mental Local champions
With the safety of our employees and their
of overall well-being. well-being, as well as more opportunities to
families paramount, we continually monitor Well-being champions and Mind Well
facilitate innovative thinking and improved
natural disasters and other critical events champions have a vested interest in achieving
Retirement savings motivation, all of which are necessary to
around the world to ensure we provide support personal health and well-being, as well as
our success.
Worldwide, we offer core and ancillary financial when and where needed. For example, in 2024, encouraging their colleagues to be well. Our
security and retirement benefits that routinely we provided relief to those affected by the champions are integral to the success of our
Campaign months
rank among the most valuable and progressive war in the Middle East, Storm Boris in Eastern culture of well-being. Champions provide
of other large multinational corporations. We Europe and several storms in the U.S., all of Throughout the year, we have global campaigns local support to increase awareness, visibility
have more than 112 pension plans (including which included temporary housing, financial focused on a specific month’s theme. For and participation in well-being programs and
defined benefit, cash balance and defined assistance and mental health support. example, both May (Mental Health Awareness initiatives. Local groups often coordinate cancer
contribution plans) across 39 countries, Month) and October (October 10 is World runs, philanthropic charity events and mental
well-being campaigns, often in conjunction
with local Employee Business Resource Group
(EBRG) chapters.
Compensation, benefits and other employment
terms and conditions may vary based
on country, employee group and status,
collective bargaining agreements and local
legal requirements. In 2024, various union
collective bargaining groups and work councils
represented approximately 21% of our global
employee population.