Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 14
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Governments, multilateral Trade and industry Veterinary professionals Local communities
organizations and regulators associations and animal caretakers
We work toward developing culturally
appropriate mechanisms to engage and build
We work with policymakers, legislators, We engage with stakeholders through our We value our partnerships with veterinary
relationships with local community stakeholders
multilateral organizations and governments membership in numerous organizations. We professionals and animal caretakers as a way to
and non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
worldwide to ensure that policy and regulatory are a member of many industry and trade contribute to the health of the animals in their
We conduct this engagement predominantly
environments globally, nationally and groups. We work with these groups because care with innovative products and solutions
through our philanthropic efforts, which can
locally foster patient access to medicines they represent the pharmaceutical industry for farm and companion animal species. We
be found on the Philanthropy page on our
and vaccines, and that these environments and business community in debates led by regularly communicate and collaborate with our
corporate website.
are conducive to ethical business practices, governments and other stakeholders, and customers and industry leaders in our shared
science and innovation. because they help the industry reach consensus pursuit of improving the health of animals.
on policy issues.
+ For more information on these engagements, + To learn more about our work with
please see pages 119-121. + To learn more about our work with industry veterinarians and animal caretakers,
and trade organizations, please see page 121. please visit the Animal Health website.
Suppliers and business
partners
We encourage responsible approaches on the
part of suppliers regarding labor, employment,
human rights, health and safety, ethics, diversity
and protection of the environment. In addition,
we strive to engage small suppliers.
+ To learn more about our work with suppliers,
please see pages 107-113.