Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 81
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to nature and biodiversity
We have a long history of practicing environmental challenges and opportunities, • Improving soil and fauna health through
environmental stewardship, and protecting including nature and biodiversity. We also grazing management. The Vence® virtual
nature has always been at the core of our engage with external stakeholders such fencing tool allows landowners to create
approach. Our nature-related impacts and as investors on emerging biodiversity and virtual pastures to facilitate grazing
dependencies derive from multiple areas and nature issues. management, track cattle movements
have been integrated into our environmental and locate an individual animal at any given
program. We recognize our responsibility to Animal Health and time, 24/7.
manage pharmaceuticals in the environment
biodiversity
in order to prevent pollution from entering Habitats restoration
ecosystems and to prevent harm to individual
Our Animal Health business supports
species. Our broader environmental program, Since 2016, as part of our Company-wide UN
biodiversity and conservation across both
which includes actions in climate, water and CEO Water Mandate Commitment, we have
aquatic and terrestrial environments in multiple
waste, reduces our impacts and dependencies on invested annually in habitat restoration and
ways, including:
nature. Furthermore, our product stewardship reforestation projects that help improve water
program is continuously working to minimize • Monitoring numerous aquatic species by quality and restore biodiversity. Working with
the raw materials required to make our products using passive integrated transponder tags organizations such as The Nature Conservancy
and associated waste, which reduces strain on • Enabling statistically valid estimations of and One Tree Planted, we have identified
species and ecosystems. wild fish populations, survival rates and projects to invest in near our sites. By investing Our site in Haarlem, Netherlands, also planted
a large, biodiverse field filled with native plants
migration patterns in these collective action projects, we have also
In 2024, we used the Task-Force on Nature- that includes a beehive housing approximately
increased community engagement by providing
related Financial Disclosure’s (TNFD) Locate, • Offering a broad portfolio of innovative 15,000 bees. The bees’ honey is not harvested
volunteer opportunities for employees within
Evaluate, Assess, Prepare (LEAP) approach to medicines, vaccines and technologies to to give them a food source over the winter.
their own communities.
assess the impacts, dependencies, risks and promote growth in the aquaculture and
opportunities regarding nature in our direct conservation industry Our sites around the world are engaged in Additionally, as stated in our 2023/2024 Impact
operations and throughout our value chain. • Tracking invasive species to help researchers projects to preserve nature and biodiversity. Report, since 2016, our Animal Health business
Within this project, we used the World Wildlife assess how these animals distribute For example, through our “See Green, Be has prioritized habitat restoration through a
Foundation (WWF) Biodiversity Risk Filter throughout the environment and interact Green” initiative, our Irish facilities have continued partnership with WeForest. In total,
to identify sites in the vicinity of ecologically with native flora and fauna conducted biodiversity assessments, identifying more than 120 hectares of land have been
sensitive areas. This assessment noted areas of opportunities for optimal land usage. Local restored by planting approximately 211,000
our business for further investigation, which will • Providing solutions to assist in the plans have now been fully implemented to trees in countries like Brazil, India, Malawi,
be used to guide our strategic approach to nature conservation of aquatic species, such as protect and enhance natural areas. Tanzania and Zambia. These projects have
and biodiversity. salmon, steelhead/rainbow trout, sturgeon helped to reconnect fragmented forestland
and freshwater fish populations + Click here to learn more about the “See Green, through the restoration of wildlife corridors;
Additionally, we participate in external groups, • Collecting and providing key information in Be Green” initiative. promoted protection of sensitive ecosystems
such as the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain the research of sea turtles, salamanders, and wildlife; improved riparian water ways;
Initiative (PSCI), the Biopharma Sustainability abalone, penguins, frogs, snakes, bats and created local jobs; and transitioned private land
Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Environment many other species to sustainable agroforestry systems.
Group (PEG) to learn and collaborate on industry