Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 31
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Affordability and
Having exceeded our initial goal in 2023, we have now set a new goal to enable 350 million
more people globally to access our innovative medicines and vaccines by 2025—and we
sustainable access are well on our way. To reach this goal, we are building health care capacity, strengthening
channels for care delivery and fostering sustainable financing.
+ For more information on how these solutions are improving affordability, please see “How
we enable affordability and sustainable access to our innovative medicines and vaccines”
on page 32.
Inspired by our former CEO, George W. Merck, who once said, “We can never
rest until a way has been found to bring our finest achievements to everyone,”
we are working toward a world where everyone, everywhere, can receive Enabling access to our medicines
the medicines or vaccines they need, when they need them. In addition to and vaccines (millions) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
strengthening the availability of our products through supply chain innovations
Enable 350 million more people to access
and other initiatives, we strive to create sustainable access to our innovative our innovative medicines and vaccines NR 66.7 189.2 240.0 247.7
globally through access solutions by 2025.¹
products by addressing affordability and other barriers to care.
People reached globally through
Grounded in a deliberate, systematic approach, Merck develops, tests and
product donation and patient assistance
268.3 197.3 359.2 385.2 292.2
implements market-based solutions that allow us to serve the greatest number programs and partnerships (estimate
includes Mectizan).²
of patients today, while meeting the needs of patients in the future. Where
appropriate, we pursue these solutions in collaboration with private enterprises, NR: Not Reported.
¹ Metrics contributing to this goal are displayed on an annual basis and provide information on the number of people who
government agencies, multilateral and non-governmental organizations. When
we estimate now have the option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access solutions. These
solutions include our supply commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations aimed at
market-based affordability solutions are inadequate or unavailable, we pursue
increasing the capacity of hospital systems for cancer diagnosis and care innovative insurance solutions, and expanding
programs to provide direct access to our medicines and vaccines, including channels through which people can access vaccines through local organizations. “Innovative medicines and vaccines”
refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives
product donations and patient assistance programs. implemented and launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics
is sourced from publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies
are evaluated and represent our best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People
who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines
and vaccines.
² Includes people reached through the MECTIZAN Donation Program, the MMOP, and the U.S. Patient Assistance
Program. Total people reached with the MECTIZAN Donation Program increased in 2023 as partner countries
continued to resume additional MECTIZAN distribution following disruptions due to the pandemic. Total people
reached with the U.S. Patient Assistance Program fluctuate annually due to variations in the products offered and shifts
within the healthcare landscape. For more information on the details related to the people reached through donations,
please see page 36.
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.