Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 6
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Purpose for Progress: Advancing Access to Health,
Operating Responsibly, and Supporting a Sustainable Society
A Message from Rob Davis efforts drive significant and sustainable value. With the goal of making a significant and
It also fortifies our ability to expand access positive impact on people, animals and
Dear Stakeholders, to our medicines and vaccines and enable communities, we’ve continued to execute
a healthier society—regardless of location our strategic priorities, launch important and
At Merck, our purpose is to save and improve
or life circumstance. And it reinforces our transformative products and advance key
the lives of people and animals everywhere.
responsibility to operate sustainably and programs across our robust pipeline. As we
For every one of our company colleagues, this
ethically—prioritizing discovery, operational move through 2025, our Purpose for Progress
is more than a job, it’s a commitment, a calling
and execution excellence. Report shows we are well-positioned to drive
and our ultimate North Star. We are constantly
value to all our stakeholders now and into
reaffirming this commitment to our purpose Thanks to the dedication of our talented global
the future.
and our 130 plus year scientific legacy, as we teams, our momentum continued last year.
discover, develop and deliver breakthrough Throughout 2024, our 75,000 colleagues
Advancing Access to Health
medicines and vaccines to patients, animals and worldwide played a pivotal role in delivering
In 2024, we achieved a significant milestone by
communities in need. novel solutions that addressed some of the
reaching 92% of countries with our medicines
world’s most serious and complex global health
Our core purpose fuels our ability to address and vaccines supply. We know that access is
challenges. We are proud that our medicines
patients’ and animals’ existing needs, anticipate not just about delivering medicines—it’s about
and vaccines reached more than 450 million
their future needs, push the boundaries of ensuring that health systems, affordability and
people around the world.
innovative medicine, and ensure that our innovation work together to drive sustainable
change. Our ability to continue to expand access
in the face of the evolving external landscape
is a testament to the resilience of our people,
our partnerships and our pipeline. In 2024, we
enabled more than 247 million people globally
to access our innovative medicines and
Importantly, we received the Global Citizen
vaccines through access solutions.
Award from International Medical Corps in
We collaborated with governments, global recognition of our decades-long support of
health organizations and communities to global health access and emergency response
remove barriers to care, enable access to last year. By strengthening health systems
our medicines and vaccines and drive long- and creating new pathways for our innovative
term impact. Through our social investments medicines and vaccines, we improve health
and partnerships, we have supported more outcomes while also strengthening our market
than 66 million people who face barriers presence and the support we can provide to
to healthcare. communities everywhere.