Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 108
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to • Establishing sustainability requirements as well as in our purchase order terms and care companies that promotes sustainable
that are communicated to our suppliers and conditions. We also make our Business Partner sourcing and better business conditions across
included in supplier selection. (For more Code of Conduct available in multiple languages the industry. The Principles set the standard for
supplier relations
information about how we engage with on our corporate website. human rights, ethics, labor, health and safety,
suppliers, please see our Environmental environment and related management systems.
Our Business Partner Code of Conduct
Sustainability section on pages 69-95) We believe PSCI member companies share our
Our Procurement group sources the goods references the PSCI Principles for Responsible
vision of excellence in safety, environmental
• Reviewing, tracking and communicating
and services we need to further our mission. Supply Chain Management (the Principles).
and social outcomes across the global
supplier sustainability programs
We work with responsible third parties that PSCI is a group of pharmaceutical and health
pharmaceutical and health care value chain.
are aligned to our values and standards • Collaborating as we educate and learn from
and provide the best overall value to our our supply chain, peer companies and best-
business. In addition, to minimize supply chain in-class organizations
disruptions, we identify and mitigate potential
To help manage and address potential
risks related to third parties.
risks associated with third-party business
Our sourcing management process relationships, we have a Third-Party Risk
integrates environmental sustainability, Management program and committee, which
social responsibility, economic inclusion oversees associated practices, systems
and small business development principles and processes.
in every stage. Throughout the supplier
lifecycle, we also establish expectations, Supplier selection and
assess risk, support supplier development
expectations
and manage performance.
Our Global Supplier Management Group We select suppliers that share our values and
(GSMG) drives our Sustainable Sourcing principles. We expect appropriate standards
program and maintains the standards and of conduct and respect for human rights—
processes we use to identify, qualify and consistent with our own—from our suppliers,
manage suppliers. contractors, vendors and external partners.
Our Business Partner Code of Conduct
Our Sustainable Sourcing program includes
communicates our expectations for Human
the following elements:
Rights; Labor & Employment; Health, Safety
• Integration into our Global Sourcing & & Environment; and Ethical Business Practices.
Procurement strategy and processes
We communicate our Business Partner Code of
• A cross-functional team that oversees
Conduct, along with our Supplier Performance
program development and the processes
Expectations, to existing and potential third
and guidelines that encourage best practices,
parties. In addition, they are included in
prevent violations of supply chain standards
requests for information, proposals and quotes,
and limit risk