Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 83
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to waste
Our Waste Prevention and Management Operational waste
Standard requires our facilities to comply
with applicable generation, management and The amount of waste we generate reflects
disposal regulations and standards. Each site the efficiency of our manufacturing processes.
is responsible for managing its approach to
Operational waste is primarily generated
waste. The Environmental Compliance CoE
from the following activities:
and Environmental Sustainability CoE review
environmental data to monitor sites’ progress. • Manufacturing
Above-site teams from across the Company
• Packaging
provide assistance as needed to support sites
• On-site wastewater treatment
toward meeting our goals.
• Research
To minimize our environmental footprint
and align with the UN SDGs, we look for Waste minimization begins with the evaluation
opportunities to avoid the use of hazardous of our product designs and manufacturing
materials, to reuse or recycle materials and processes. Through our Green & Sustainable
to prevent the generation of waste. When Science program (see Materials section on
prevention, reuse and recycling are not practical page 88), we design processes that use safer
or feasible, we apply controls and treatment chemicals, consume less energy, use less water
technologies to prevent human health impacts and other resources, and generate less waste.
and minimize environmental impacts. Our process development biologists, chemists
and engineers have the expertise to create more
Over the past few years, we have reported
sustainable ways to make our products.
performance against our 2025 operational
waste goals and are on track to achieve them. We strive to reduce the amount of operational
waste we generate and to maximize the use of
Waste types are defined differently in Non-operational waste, such as construction
environmentally beneficial disposal methods
various parts of the world. For this report, and demolition debris, is excluded from
such as recycling, composting and waste-to-
we have divided our operational waste into reporting as it is not directly associated with
To help direct and track projects
energy. To ensure we manage our waste in
two categories: the production of our products and services.
in support of our targets, we have
an environmentally responsible manner, we
developed a Waste Diversion • Hazardous waste—Highly regulated or
use only Company-approved waste disposal Impacts to recycling markets are still being
Playbook for our global sites. high-risk waste streams that need to
facilities. Approved facilities demonstrate they felt following the enactment of legislation in a
This approach guides projects be neutralized, treated or destroyed to
have the systems, technologies and practices number of countries in Asia several years ago,
consistently across our global address a particular hazard, such as toxicity,
to manage our waste streams responsibly and restricting the acceptance of solid waste from
network of sites and enables flammability, corrosivity, radioactivity,
in compliance with applicable requirements. other countries. Historically, a large percentage
continuous improvement toward pharmaceutically active or infectious
We routinely audit these facilities to verify their of recyclable waste collected in the U.S. had
meeting our goals.
systems and practices. • Non-hazardous waste—Includes all other been shipped to Asia for recycling. Accordingly,
operational waste this change had, and continues to have, the