Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 88
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Solvent use Chemical management Green and the development of innovative, efficient,
green and sustainable commercial syntheses
sustainable science
Solvents can play a key role in the research A comprehensive and effective chemical of our small molecule APIs from sustainable
and manufacturing of our products, as well management program is critical to the commodity raw materials. We are also exploring
Green and sustainable science is the
as in equipment cleaning. Because of their safety and protection of our employees, ways to reduce the environmental impact of
development and application of green chemistry
significance to our business and the lifecycle the communities in which we operate and biologics and vaccine manufacturing.
principles, quantitative sustainability metrics
impact they represent, we design our processes the environment.
and goals to the process of scientific inquiry.
to minimize or avoid the use of organic solvents Green-by-design strategy
We have put in place procedures, systems We employ this green and sustainable science
where practical. Where we do use organic
and processes to manage the approval, framework because we recognize that our
solvents, we maximize efficiency and control Our integrated strategy involves several
procurement, inventory, receipt, transfer, ability to meet our environmental sustainability
them in our emissions, effluents and waste. stages; it aims to provide innovative solutions
storage, use and disposal of chemicals at all of goals is intrinsically linked to the creation of
rather than incremental improvements to
We have an active Green and Sustainable our sites. Through proper labeling of chemicals innovative and cost-efficient manufacturing
historical practices. We see transformative
Science program (see right) to design our and the safety data sheets, we provide our processes with low environmental impact.
science/engineering and innovation as critical
new processes using fewer, less toxic organic employees and others with information about Green and sustainable commercial chemical
enablers to developing sustainable, low-cost
solvents and other hazardous materials, and the identities and potential hazards of the route development also helps mitigate potential
manufacturing processes that provide both
to reuse and recycle more of the solvents we chemicals in our operations. issues in the supply chain of tomorrow by
environmental and economic benefits over
do use. reducing our raw material requirements today.
the lifecycle of our products. We aim to develop
Our objective is to be the industry leader for
For cleaning our manufacturing equipment, the most efficient and sustainable processes
we use water-based methods where they are
as effective as organic solvents. At each of
our manufacturing sites, we have engineers
responsible for identifying and driving process
improvement projects. When it is not practical
to reuse regenerated organic solvents in our
own production processes, we work with
suppliers who recover the spent organic
solvents for resale to other industries or safely
burn them as a source for energy, where
feasible. Any used organic solvents that leave
our site as hazardous waste are managed
at off-site facilities that are on our list of
approved waste management sites.