Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 66
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Promotion of worker health We maintain close working relationships with
site management and health professionals
Global Occupational Health Services provides to enhance awareness of workplace
workers with access to health services and health hazards.
addresses health risks to promote and maintain
Employee health is a top priority for us, and
employee well-being. We offer a variety of
we strive to continuously improve our health
occupational and health care services, including:
programs by communicating global policies,
• Medical clearances for job placement and
conducting regulatory audits and providing
evaluation of employees’ ability to perform
oversight for our occupational health initiatives.
job tasks
We provide a global Employee Assistance
• Voluntary reproductive health hazard
Program that grants employees free access to
assessment for all workers, upon request
mental health resources, including counseling
• Assessments to identify potential
and coaching. Our Global Benefits team actively
health hazards and medical surveillance
promotes awareness of well-being and mental
programs ensuring compliance with
health. We also offer health, mental well-
regulatory requirements
being and wellness resources like group sports
• Consultations aimed at preventing injuries activities, access to gym facilities, smoking
and illnesses, particularly those related to cessation campaigns, health screenings, as well
travel and specific workplace risks as trainings and educational conferences on
various health topics organized by the Benefits
• Vaccination campaigns, including flu
and Occupational Health Services teams and
and other preventive vaccines
our Employee Business Resource Groups.
• Management of work-related injuries or
illnesses at our on-site clinics and referral to + For more information on our Employee
specialized medical services when necessary Assistance Program, see page 55 in the
Employees section of this report.
• Where on-site Health Services clinics are
present, certified health care professionals
+ For more information on our health promotion
provide on-site emergency care for
and mental well-being programs, see our
employees with both occupational and
Well-being Report on our corporate website.
non-occupational injuries and illnesses.
Additionally, dedicated teams of trained
first responders are present at all locations.