Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 15
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Sustainability goals and performance
Our goals reflect our public commitments to provide value to society and our business. Employees
In the past year, we have challenged ourselves to make significant progress toward our
Our success is built on a culture of inclusion, recognizing the invaluable contributions of each
ambitious commitments across each of our focus areas: Access to Health, Employees,
individual. We are dedicated to cultivating a workforce that is diverse in backgrounds, experiences
Environmental Sustainability, and Ethics & Values. and perspectives, and that is skilled and engaged—qualities critical to our competitiveness.
Access to health
As a research-intensive biopharmaceutical company, expanding access to health is central to our
Goals 2022 2023 2024
purpose to save and improve lives. We discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines and
vaccines. In collaboration with key stakeholders, we ensure our science advances health care, and our
Maintain or exceed our current
products are accessible and affordable globally. We also apply our expertise and financial resources to
employee engagement index score On track On track On track
address systemic barriers to health access, where we believe we can make the strongest contributions
by 20254
to health systems, communities and patients.
Maintain or exceed our current
On track On track On track
inclusion index score by 20254
Goals 2021 2022 2023 2024 TOTAL
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. Underserved populations
Reach more than 50 million people
are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of
in low- and middle-income countries health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting
and in underserved populations in 15.0 18.6 21.2 11.4 66.2 period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based on reports received between the
1st of March and the last day of February of the corresponding performance year.
high-income countries with our social
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party
investments by 20251 reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period, and/or data that is attributable to other partners as well as
our Company’s philanthropic investment.
² (a) “Countries” are as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.
Reach at least 75% of countries around (b) Reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
79% 76% 79% 92%
the world annually with our products2 ³ The number displayed is for the year 2024 and provides information on the number of additional people who we estimate now have the
option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships. These solutions
include our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations to optimize resources in health systems,
Enable 350 million more people to expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative medicines and vaccines”
refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives implemented and
access our innovative medicines and
66.7 189.2 240.0 247.7 launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics is sourced from publicly available
vaccines globally through access data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies are evaluated and represent our best estimate of
solutions by 20253 people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did
not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.
4 In 2022, we revised employee survey measurements to align with evolving best practices. In this report, 2022 data are used as the
baseline for future comparison.