Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 99
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Ethics and compliance training In addition to mandatory training on our
Code of Conduct, we assign employees
Training is vital to creating a strong ethics training on relevant policies based on their
and compliance culture and to ensuring roles and responsibilities. For example, our
employees understand our expectations and sales representatives must complete sales
principles. Each year, we assign our Leading and product training. Training is specific to
with Ethics & Integrity training series to the country where employees are based and
all employees. The goal of this series is to covers the scope of their responsibilities in
empower employees to act with integrity ensuring compliance with applicable laws and
and make values-based decisions. regulations. Regardless of location, our ethics
and compliance trainings emphasize that if
In 2024, more than 99% of our employees
employees are unsure about any conduct, they
completed the assigned training, which
should ask for help. We make sure to note the
covers our Code of Conduct, speaking up,
multiple places where employees can turn
conflicts of interest, privacy, anti-bribery
for assistance.
and anti-corruption.
The first option is to talk with their managers,
We also provide additional training on anti-
and if they do not feel comfortable doing so,
bribery and anti-corruption for employees
they may contact:
who work with non-U.S. government
officials. We also require U.S. employees in • Ethics & Compliance
our Human Health division to understand • Legal
their responsibilities under the Anti-Kickback
• HR
Statute, the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing
Act and applicable U.S. Food and Drug • MSDethics.com Potential conflicts of As part of the disclosure process, we also
require employees to certify compliance
Administration (FDA) promotional regulations.
interest disclosure with our corporate policies on preventing
bribery and corruption, and on antitrust law
An important part of our corporate ethics and compliance, conflicts of interest and insider
Ethics and integrity training 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 compliance program is our disclosure process trading. U.S.-based (including Puerto Rico)
for potential conflicts of interest. We require employees must also note if they are subject
Employees trained on Leading with the Ethics & employees to disclose certain outside activities, to an investigation of an agency of the U.S.
>99% >99% >99% >99% >99%
Compliance training series¹ interests and close personal relationships that government or are on any list of prohibited
could present potential conflicts of interest, and or restricted parties issued by an agency of
¹ For 2024, the percent complete for Ethics and Compliance Office owned Enterprise Mandatory Training courses was 99.88%. to update those disclosures at least every 12 the U.S. government. This approach supports
months. For 2024, we developed and deployed compliance with keeping with our policy on the
a new tool to manage this process. Although effects of exclusions, debarments, suspensions
only certain employees must complete this and health care-related criminal convictions,
process annually, it is available to all employees reporting and screening.
with potential conflicts of interest to disclose.
When we identify potential conflicts, the Ethics
& Compliance Office works with the employee
and management to mitigate.