Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 25
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Systematic Improving representation in clinical trials
evaluation to
In 2024: Equitable Breakthroughs in Medicine In addition, we have developed tools to reach
Development (EQBMED), an initiative that study participants within their communities,
inform product • 339 late-stage studies, across
links sponsor companies and local, community- such as our partnership with Acclinate, a leading
• 23,590 sites in >65 countries, and
based clinical trial sites. In 2024, we also organization focused on increasing awareness
access strategies • >100,000 people reached in clinical trials supported the Association of Clinical Research of clinical trials. We also implement novel tools
Professionals' training for about 75 clinical and approaches to build relationships and reach
Clinical trials are critical to advancing scientific
research professionals at trial sites in the U.S., potential study participants, such as through
innovations and to evaluating if drugs and
In 2024, we incorporated our enterprise go-to- Puerto Rico and Latin America. AI vendors that can support clinical trial sites
vaccines are safe and effective. We are
market model across a significant number of with review of medical records to help match
determined to expand access to our trials— We’re also working to ease logistical barriers
our pipeline programs as part of assessing their potential patients to trials.
including through increased representation that make it difficult for some patients to
potential to address public health burdens and
among trial participants. visit clinical trial sites. For example, we’re Finally, consistent with the International
unmet medical needs, particularly in LMICs.
collaborating with Greenphire, a provider of Conference on Harmonisation: Good Clinical
Increasing the representation of participants
The insights from our assessment inform our global financial lifecycle management solutions Practice (ICH-GCP) requirements, as part of
in clinical trials requires a comprehensive
product development and access strategies, for clinical trials. The organization’s ClinCard the informed consent process, we make clinical
approach, which is why we are addressing
with a focus on expanding the availability of debit card provides direct stipends and travel trial participants aware of the compensation
a variety of associated factors.
our medicines and vaccines in an economically reimbursement or logistical support for clinical or treatment available to them and whom to
sustainable manner. Key to our model is trial participants. Another collaborator is contact in the event of a treatment-related
For late-stage trials, we require plans to recruit
the early identification of specific access Unite Us, which connects trial participants to injury. In addition, we maintain procedures
patients who reflect the broad populations of
requirements for different market segments. community resources that can help overcome that address the costs of treatment in the
people who will use our products. We include
By using tailored strategies to address access barriers to clinical trial participation. event of trial-related injuries, in accordance
placement of U.S. study sites in communities
barriers, we aim to maximize our products’ with applicable regulatory requirements.
with higher populations of individuals who
reach while strengthening health systems.
have historically not participated in clinical
trials. Further, we established a community
Following a product’s approval, we continuously
advisory panel to gain firsthand insights
reassess its potential to address disease,
and to incorporate the voice of community
enabling us to adapt to changes in the external
members and patients in our approaches to
environment and to fulfill our mission to help
enrollment. Similarly, we’ve established a new
as many people as possible.
role—research navigator—at a community site
network and at four academic medical centers
in the U.S. to aid in clinical trial awareness and
building trust in the community.
Collaboration is a vital part of improving
representation in our clinical trials, which is
why we actively contribute to sponsorships
that connect, support and train clinicians.
For example, we are proud to help sponsor