Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 63
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to health and safety
We continually strive to maintain a safe We have a strong focus on promoting Process safety Non-routine
and healthy working environment for all mindfulness at work and fostering a culture that
hazardous work
employees, contractors and visitors. We foster proactively identifies and eliminates hazards. Our process safety program is designed to
a culture of safety excellence that is built on To do that, we have implemented a safety culture identify, control and manage risks associated
We have developed global safety standards
integrity, accountability, collaboration and program that cultivates a shared responsibility with the manufacturing of our products. This
and permit-to-work systems to minimize the
active employee participation, and we seek to between leaders and employees, to proactively program applies to all operations subject to
potential for serious incidents when working at
continuously improve our systems, processes address hazards and minimize the likelihood of process safety regulations and to our pilot
heights, entering confined spaces or working
and standards in support of that culture. future incidents and injuries. plants, manufacturing facilities and utility
on or near machinery, piping and electrical
areas where process hazards may be present.
In 2024, we improved safety compliance by Our GSE management system includes systems. Our goal is to create a rigorous and
Additionally, we implement a systematic
upgrading digital systems, enhancing data comprehensive programs to reduce or eliminate safe approach to risk reduction for non-routine,
chemical reaction hazard review program
analytics and strengthening site teams’ safety safety risks. These include safe facility design, high-hazard work activities.
across our research laboratories.
capabilities. These initiatives empowered non- engineering controls, protection systems
safety experts to better manage site safety and emergency response capabilities. Our In the early stages of process and product Capital projects
compliance, and enabled leaders to make GSE system is supported by a strong culture development, we proactively conduct
construction safety
better safety decisions more quickly. built on visible leadership, active employee assessments of chemical reactions and perform
engagement, and proactive hazard identification thermal hazard testing of our intermediate
We have a strong construction safety program
and elimination. Employee Safety Committees materials and products. These efforts aim to
with a focus on zero harm to people, property
at our sites demonstrate active engagement in identify and mitigate potential reactivity, fire
and the environment. Our Global Engineering
safety practices, with workers and management and explosion hazards, as well as environmental
Solutions (GES) group oversees hundreds
collaborating to proactively address safety issues. risks. This testing continues throughout the
of contractors and thousands of skilled
lifecycle of each process and product, ensuring
We continuously improve our safety programs craft workers on our construction projects
we thoroughly understand and effectively
by proactively identifying work-related hazards worldwide. We integrate safety into every stage
manage associated risks.
through hazard identification programs, risk of our construction projects, beginning with
assessment programs and by implementing Our process safety professionals conduct concept and design, through to detailed design,
controls to eliminate or reduce risks. We comprehensive Process Hazard Analyses construction, commissioning and qualification.
frequently review these risk assessments for (PHAs) to thoroughly evaluate our operations.
Our construction safety program mandates
accuracy. Additionally, we investigate all safety These structured reviews are integral to the
pre-job planning, hazard assessments and daily
incidents, identify root causes and implement entire process lifecycle and occur during
safety checks. We also conduct peer reviews
controls to address underlying causes and management of change. They focus on
by bringing together in-house engineers,
prevent future incidents. identifying opportunities to implement
contractors, safety construction experts and
inherently safer designs, which enhances the
We have evaluated the ISO 18001 Standard for other partners to conduct thorough safety
effectiveness of our facility design, equipment,
Occupational Health and Safety Management evaluations and share best practices.
operating controls and maintenance procedures
Systems but have opted not to pursue
by identifying, evaluating and mitigating
certification. We are confident our existing GSE
process-related hazards.
management systems are effective and meet
our desired safety performance targets.