Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 75
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Vehicle fleet • Culture and ways of working: We strive to
integrate environmental sustainability into
We have a roadmap to electrify our fleet, our end-to-end procurement processes
focusing our efforts on mature markets with and ways of working. Over the past year,
the regulatory environment and infrastructure we continued to update our sourcing
to support our drivers during the transition. and contracting processes to include
Our current emphasis includes introducing both environmental sustainability in our decision-
battery electric and hybrid vehicles in the Asia making process, strengthening our value
Pacific and Latin America regions where there is chain with suppliers who have similar values
less infrastructure in place. As of January 2025, and objectives. We also launched training to
battery electric vehicles (BEVs) comprised 5.4% drive awareness and knowledge across our
of our running fleet, primarily representing Company. Additionally, we formed internal
Middle and Northern European markets, such partnerships across key business functions
as the UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Austria and to address emissions hotspots.
the Nordics. The largest drivers of our BEV
• Data optimization for greater impact:
rollout have been favorable tax and regulatory
In 2024, we continued to improve upon the
environments, as they incentivize drivers to
accuracy of our Scope 3 GHG data through
choose this type of vehicle. We expect to rollout
close collaboration with our suppliers and
pilots in the U.S. market in 2026.
strengthened measures to enhance our
Scope 3 data calculation, collection and
Our value chain reporting processes. In the upcoming
year, we plan to build upon this progress
GHG emissions
by implementing a digital platform to
facilitate supplier data integration and
In addition to initiatives to reduce our Scope
standardized reporting.
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, we have
significantly increased our efforts to reduce
Reporting and disclosure
our value chain impacts and associated Scope
driving partnership and raising awareness exchange of best practices in environmental
3 GHG emissions, which constitute the largest
of our GHG emissions
of our climate objectives to accelerate GHG sustainability, open discussions on common
portion of our GHG footprint. We have analyzed
reduction initiatives. By engaging suppliers challenges and cross-industry collaboration
and reported our Scope 3 impacts using primary
in a phased approach, we identify key ways to drive decarbonization. The event brought We report our GHG emissions as required by
activity data and accepted emission factors, in
to reduce GHG emissions and uncover together more than 400 supplier companies regulations in certain countries and annually
addition to an economic input-output model
additional tangible business benefits. from all procurement categories to focus on through our CDP disclosure, which CDP has
based on our third-party spend. Examples of
partnership, collective learnings and progress aligned to the TCFD reporting requirements.
our efforts are described below. • Collaboration and education: Both internal
on climate objectives. Through these efforts,
and external collaboration are cornerstones + Our CDP Questionnaire is available on our
• Supplier engagement initiatives: we equip our suppliers with the knowledge
of our strategy. In 2024, we launched Sustainability Resources page.
In 2023/2024, we successfully engaged and tools needed to positively contribute
the Sustainability Partner Exchange,
with over 400 key suppliers that account to our climate goals and reduce their own
an education and partnership series to
for approximately 60% of our total Scope climate impacts.
facilitate dialogue and knowledge-sharing
3 emissions (based on our 2023 reported
between our Company and our suppliers.
emissions), reinforcing our expectations,
This innovative initiative fosters the