Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 23
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Reflecting global health
Research and development 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
care needs in R&D Research and development expenses
$13.4 $12.2 $13.5 $30.5 $17.9
(in billions)¹
Top 20 global burdens of diseases
88% 71% 83% 83% 84%
As defined by the global burden of disease events. We are conducting Phase 3 studies addressed by our products and pipeline²
(GBD) tools developed by the Institute for evaluating our PCSK9 inhibitor, including
Established significant external licenses and
Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME), our for its potential to reduce cholesterol and 123 92 97 76 75
collaborations³
products address diseases that rank high improve cardiovascular outcomes.
on the list of worldwide causes of illness, ¹ (a) R&D expenses in 2020, 2021, 2023 and 2024 include charges of $2.7 billion, $1.7 billion, $17.1 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively,
disabilities and death. In addition, our vaccine R&D collaborations for certain business development transactions including acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements. R&D expenses in 2022
include $1.7 billion of intangible asset impairment charges.
and infectious disease research targets
(b) The historical results of the businesses that contributed to Organon & Co. in the 2021 spin-off have been reflected as discontinued
major burdens of disease, including in LMICs, In 2024, we entered into 75 significant external operations in the Company’s consolidated financial statements through the date of the spin-off and therefore are excluded from the
where health care infrastructure may be licenses, collaborations and acquisitions with 2020 and 2021 figures presented.
resource-constrained. a broad range of organizations, from early- ² All calculations for our Company’s GBD impact are based on the latest IHME report available. Note that we do not include road injuries in
our GBD accounting since they are not subject to pharmaceutical intervention.
stage science to clinical-stage programs.
We strive to discover treatments for diseases ³ These partnerships are deemed “significant” because they involve an asset or technology with the potential to make an important
These collaborations are deemed “significant” enhancement to our R&D capabilities.
that affect people across a breadth of countries.
because they involve an asset or technology
Including our pipeline, the products we market
with the potential to enhance our R&D
and our external collaborations, we are seeking
capabilities or portfolio.
to address 84% of the top 20 GBD (road injuries
are excluded from our calculation) as defined
A breakthrough oral cholera vaccine through our Hilleman
by the IHME. R&D investments and
Laboratories collaboration
One example is our research on cardiovascular collaborations for diseases
disease, which the World Health Organization
Our LMIC-focused R&D joint venture with the Wellcome Trust, Hilleman Laboratories,
impacting LMICs
(WHO) identifies as the world’s leading cause of
celebrated the launch of HILLCHOL in 2024. HILLCHOL, a new oral cholera vaccine, is
death. More than 60 years ago, we introduced
the result of a partnership between Hilleman Laboratories and Bharat Biotech. Hilleman
We have a strong legacy of infectious disease
our first cardiovascular therapy, and our efforts
Laboratories developed the vaccine through Phase 2 clinical research before transferring
research, including for diseases that greatly
to understand and treat cardiovascular-related
it to Bharat Biotech. Bharat intends to pursue pre-qualification from WHO for HILLCHOL,
impact people in LMICs like tuberculosis (TB),
disorders have continued, including with our
enabling wider distribution globally. The WHO estimates there are 1.3 million to 4
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and
investigational, once-daily oral proprotein
million cases of cholera each year, with increased prevalence in part due to changing
river blindness.
convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)
climate patterns.
inhibitor, currently being evaluated in adults
In 2022, we entered into a licensing agreement
with hypercholesterolemia. Despite the
with the Gates Medical Research Institute
invention of several well-established lipid-
(Gates MRI) for our discovery of two preclinical
lowering therapies, millions of people globally
candidates for treating TB, which the WHO
do not achieve their desired low-density
believes is the leading cause of death globally
lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol treatment
from an infectious agent. Our scientists
goals, leaving them at risk for cardiac
discovered the compounds with support