Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 34
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our pricing approach Voluntary licensing
We believe it is possible to have a pricing possible. While each situation varies based on We have experience working with generic • We allocated up to 3 million courses of our
system that allows patients to access the unique circumstances and market dynamics, manufacturers on global health concerns. Over medicine to UNICEF for LMICs as a “bridge
latest products while sustaining leading- generally we consider: the last several years, we put this experience strategy” until the voluntary licensees were
edge scientific research for future medical to work addressing COVID-19 globally. From ready. This access solution represented
• Value to patients
innovations. We have a long history of making the early days of COVID-19, and continuing approximately 30% of our initial global supply
• Value to health care systems
our medicines and vaccines affordable through through 2024, we have helped solve the at launch. This strategy has minimized the
responsible pricing practices and industry- • Unmet need significant unmet medical need globally through gap between high-income countries and
leading patient access programs. We are a multi-faceted strategy to enhance access to LMICs. We have extended the UNICEF
• Access
working to bring our products to more people our investigational COVID-19 oral treatment agreement until the end of 2025.
• R&D sustainability
globally in ways that are as affordable as following regulatory authorization:
We welcomed the Gates Foundation’s 2021
• Competition
• We entered into advance purchase
commitment of $120 million to accelerate
agreements with the governments of
access to generic versions of our medicine.
more than 40 countries to provide our
This commitment complemented our
investigational COVID-19 oral treatment
voluntary license agreements and highlights
through a tiered-pricing approach based
the importance of actions from multiple
on World Bank criteria to reflect countries’
stakeholders. Through our licensing agreements
relative ability to finance their health
with generics manufacturers and the Medicines
response to COVID-19.
Patent Pool, as of the end of 2024, more than
• We signed voluntary license agreements 6 million courses of more affordable generic
during the clinical development process with therapy have been shipped to 29 LMICs
multiple Indian generic manufacturers and covered under the agreements.
the Medicines Patent Pool, to accelerate
affordable access to generic versions of
our medicine in more than 100 LMICs.
These licenses and local manufacturing
partnerships cover approximately 90%
of the population in LMICs.