Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 105
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Counterfeit products
We invest in an industry-leading, rigorous and These collaborative efforts promote the counterfeit products to gain intelligence on the As part of our proactive training and
intelligence-led product integrity strategy intelligence-sharing needed to combat counterfeiters and any threats to public health. awareness programs, throughout 2024,
focused on protecting patients from harm threats from counterfeit medicines, such There were 827 unique questioned samples Global Security trained approximately 3,079
associated with counterfeit, diverted or as through white papers, reports and data received as evidence in our forensic labs and law enforcement personnel in 11 countries on
otherwise illicit medicines. Our Global Security circulation initiatives. prepared for forensic testing in 2024. Globally, the safety risks associated with counterfeit
group oversees our strategy and its execution we also have field-based forensic detection and diverted medications.
The anti-counterfeiting data below outline the
to protect patients and our reputation from devices to analyze and detect counterfeits.
number of new suspected and substantiated Internally, our Global Security group trains
the negative impacts of counterfeit and illicit
counterfeit events in 2024 and for the previous Our forensic scientists have pioneered several employees on identifying and reporting
medicines. We use a three-pronged approach:
four years. The data reflect the status of each analytical tools for detecting and characterizing suspected counterfeit, diversion and tampering
• Securing the supply chain
event for all years as of January 15, 2025. counterfeit medicines. We also explore new (CDT) events. Started in late 2017, this training
• Investigations and enforcement analytical tools to increase our capabilities. has reached more than 112,000 employees and
In 2024, our Global Security group addressed
We share our findings with regulatory and contractors globally.
• Raising public and stakeholder awareness
2,532 new product integrity events in 95
law enforcement agencies for possible use
countries, involving counterfeit, diversion,
We cooperate with relevant government in enforcement actions and legal proceedings.
supply chain security, tampering or brand
agencies, other pharmaceutical manufacturers,
security (non-Merck, unapproved generic
wholesalers, distributors, health professionals,
consumer groups and related organizations in product). Approximately 14.5% of these events Anti-counterfeiting* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
were proactively investigated to identify new
fighting counterfeit pharmaceutical products.
or emerging threats, or to further characterize Investigations of suspected counterfeit products¹ 629 1,045 884 1,251 1,501
We aim to raise awareness of the issue and to
and mitigate known threats.
educate the public about the risks of counterfeit
Substantiated cases of counterfeit products 74 115 237 285 700
products and how to protect against them.
We also support meaningful enforcement
actions as a strategic priority. In 2024, our *Prior-year data have been adjusted to reflect the current status of each event as of January 15, 2025.
This effort includes a multi-pronged approach
product integrity activity contributed to 163 ¹ Evidence from ongoing investigations of suspected counterfeit products can result in recategorization.
to communicating and mitigating the threat
arrests and the seizure of 1,443,080 units of
of counterfeit medicines while recognizing it
counterfeit or illicit versions of our products.
cannot be fully eliminated.
There were at least 42 prosecutions in 2024 for
In addition, our product integrity program pharmaceutical crimes involving our products.
focuses on collaboration and information-
Forensic analysis of questionable products is
sharing to raise public and stakeholder
vital to investigations. This testing determines
awareness of the issue. Through active
whether a questioned product is counterfeit,
partnerships with other pharmaceutical
diverted or otherwise illicit. We characterize
companies and organizations focused
on security, patient safety and public
health, we advocate for high-priority
anti-counterfeiting policy initiatives.