Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 4
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our Company
How we operate
We use the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around the world.
Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck, or the Company) is a global health care company that delivers
innovative health solutions through its prescription medicines, including biologic therapies,
As a leading biopharmaceutical company, we are at the forefront of scientific research, working vaccines and animal health products. The Company’s operations are principally managed on
tirelessly to provide innovative health solutions to advance the prevention and treatment of a product basis and include two operating segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health.
diseases in both humans and animals.
The Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products.
Operating responsibly is integral to our strategy and underscores our pledge to foster a safe, Human health pharmaceutical products consist of therapeutic and preventive agents,
sustainable and healthy future for communities worldwide. generally sold by prescription, for the treatment of human disorders. The Company sells
these human health pharmaceutical products primarily to drug wholesalers and retailers,
hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers, such as health
maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. Human
health vaccine products consist of preventive pediatric, adolescent and adult vaccines.
The Company sells these human health vaccines primarily to physicians, wholesalers,
distributors and government entities.
The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures and markets a wide range
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)/Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosures in
of veterinary pharmaceutical and vaccine products as well as health management solutions
this section:
and services for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major livestock
GRI 2-1 GRI 2-12 GRI 2-13 GRI 2-14 GRI 2-22 GRI 3-1 GRI 3-2 and companion animal species. The Company also offers an extensive suite of digitally
connected identification, traceability and monitoring products. The Company sells its
GRI 3-3 products to veterinarians, distributors, animal producers, farmers and pet owners.
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our + For more information on our business, please see our Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2025,
on our corporate website.
prioritized frameworks. For more information on our Company, please see our Form 10-K, filed
February 25, 2025, on our corporate website.
More than Annual revenue in 2024: Total R&D expenses in 2024: Worldwide employees:
>450 million $64.2 billion $17.9 billion ~75,000
People reached with our medicines and as of Dec. 31, 2024
vaccines in 2024 (p. 20)