Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 18
Access to Health
Central to our purpose to save and improve lives is our Topics covered in this section:
commitment to expanding access to health through strengthened
Discovery and invention
health systems and paths to reach more people with our products.
Availability
That commitment is embedded in our business strategies and
Affordability and sustainable access
across functions and geographies.
Strengthening health systems and addressing
barriers to health care
Goals 2024 TOTAL
Reach more than 50 million people in low- and middle-income countries and in underserved populations in
11.4 66.2
high-income countries with our social investments by 20251
Reach at least 75% of countries around the world annually with our products2 92%
Enable 350 million more people to access our innovative medicines and vaccines globally through access
247.7
solutions by 20253
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. Underserved populations are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes
due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or language preference. The goal is cumulative across
the reporting period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based on reports received between the 1st of March and the last day of February of the
corresponding performance year.
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period,
and/or data that is attributable to other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
² (a) “Countries” are as defined by the World Bank Country and Lending Groups. Includes only human health products.
(b) Reflects improved data capture through updated processes that now include previously unreported markets.
³ The number displayed is for the year 2024 and provides information on the number of additional people who we estimate now have the option to access medicines and vaccines as a result of our
sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships. These solutions include our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped), collaborations to optimize resources in health
systems, expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative medicines and vaccines” refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable
“more people” is defined as populations supported by initiatives implemented and launched in market and will be in comparison to the baseline (2020) as of 2025. Evidence for metrics is sourced from
publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market, all methodologies are evaluated and represent our best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and
vaccines. People who were enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.