Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 71
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to climate, energy and air emissions
disclosed formal positions on climate change physical impacts include reduced access to high-
and, if so, reviewing those positions in the quality water in certain regions and the loss of
context of ours. biodiversity, which could impact future product
development. These risks could disrupt our
+ This assessment is on the Sustainability
operations and supply chain, which may result
Resources page of our corporate website.
in increased costs.
For a more detailed discussion of our views
on climate, see the Sustainability Resources New legal or regulatory requirements may be
page for our Public Climate Policy. enacted to prevent, mitigate or adapt to the
implications of a changing climate and its effects
on the environment. These regulations may
Climate risk assessment
differ across jurisdictions and could subject our
Company to various new requirements. These
The adverse impacts of climate change, or
include new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes,
legal, regulatory or market measures to address
increased compliance costs, restrictions on GHG
climate change, may negatively affect our
emissions, investment in new technologies,
business. Climate change exposes us to physical
increased carbon disclosure and transparency,
risks (such as extreme weather conditions
upgrade of facilities to meet new building codes
or rising sea levels), risks in transitioning to
and the redesign of utility systems. All of these
a low-carbon economy (such as additional
changes could increase our operating costs,
legal or regulatory requirements, changes
including the cost of electricity and energy. Our
in technology, market risk and reputational
supply chain would likely be subject to these
risk), and social and human effects (such as
Scientific data support that climate change is In addition, we have continued to find ways to same transitional risks and would likely pass any
population dislocations and harm to health
occurring, and we are taking action to reduce decrease our energy demand and increase the increased costs to our Company, all of which may
and well-being). These risks can be either
the economic, human and animal health risks amount of renewable energy we purchase. In affect our ability to procure raw materials or other
acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term).
associated with a changing climate. our Business Partner Code of Conduct, we supplies at the quantities and levels required for
request that suppliers conserve energy and The adverse physical impacts of climate change our business.
We have adopted a set of climate goals to
engage in activities aimed at reducing GHG include increased frequency and severity of
help us succeed in an increasingly resource- While we understand the potential risks, there
emissions. Our Procurement team engages natural disasters and extreme weather events
constrained world. We developed these goals is limited data around the potential financial
strategic suppliers to reduce the environmental such as hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires
to align with the latest climate science and implications of these risks. In 2022/2023, we
impacts within our supply chain. (exacerbated by drought), flooding and extreme
to address the rising expectations of our performed a Task Force on Climate-related
heat. Extreme weather and sea-level rise pose
customers, investors, external stakeholders and We describe our approach to governance Financial Disclosures (TCFD) gap analysis. This
physical risks to our facilities as well as those of
employees regarding the environmental impact regarding climate-related issues in the included a high-level TCFD-aligned qualitative,
our suppliers. Such risks include losses incurred
of our operations and supply chain. Sustainability Governance section, page 11. physical and transitional climate risk and
as a result of physical damage to facilities,
opportunity scenario assessment to examine
We have committed to reaching net-zero In 2024, we conducted a climate policy loss or spoilage of inventory, and business
which parts of our business are at the highest risk
greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) by 2045 alignment assessment of trade associations interruption caused by natural disasters and
due to climate change and the associated costs.
across Scopes 1, 2 & 3, aligned with the by determining whether they had publicly extreme weather events. Other potential
SBTi criteria.