Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 103
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Clinical safety and risk receive a drug. In these situations, we work public. The glossary has over 1,325 words in team to integrate participant feedback with
with regulatory authorities to communicate nine languages and is reviewed by our Employee essential health literacy principles. By creating
management
this information to health care professionals Business Resource Groups for cultural informative labels that are easier to understand,
in a timely manner so they can inform patients competency. In 2024, we made the English and we help patients use their medications safely
The Clinical Safety and Risk Management
through appropriate mechanisms. Spanish glossaries available to the U.S. public and effectively.
organization leads the Risk Management
at: Glossary—Merck Clinical Trials.
Safety Team for all Human Health candidates Our Animal Health Global Pharmacovigilance In 2024, we developed our Global Health
and products, from the beginning of Phase 2b (GPV) team manages a system for the We prioritize health literacy in our labeling Literacy Policy. This Company-wide policy uses
through the end of a product’s lifecycle. Clinical collection, review and reporting of AEs, and for practices. Our labeling team has invented a health literacy principles to establish consistent
Safety and Risk Management is responsible for the ongoing assessment of product safety. method that improves the patient labeling standards for the development of all resources
the development of proactive clinical safety process for new FDA-authorized patient and materials intended for our consumers,
+ For information on our Product Quality and
risk management strategies, including the labels, ensuring comprehension across levels patients and the general public, from product
Safety Assessments, please visit our Animal
Risk Management Plan, which is a regulatory of health literacy and patient demographics. development and continuing throughout the
Health website.
requirement in many countries for marketed This methodology, involving participants with life cycle of the product.
drugs and vaccines. limited to adequate health literacy, allows the
Product label reviews
+ For information on our Animal Health Product
Quality and Safety Assessments, please visit
Ongoing monitoring of our product labels is
our Animal Health website.
a major focus of our safety efforts. Our Label
Review teams monitor information on our
Consistent with applicable FDA regulations,
products and work with our Risk Management
as well as those of relevant health authorities
Safety teams to develop or update labeling and
around the world, the labels on our product
communicate relevant information to regulatory
packaging contain information about potential
authorities worldwide.
adverse reactions and other potential risks
that are either serious or otherwise clinically
Health literacy
significant. We include contact details in our
product packaging and on our corporate website
It’s essential to improve the health literacy of
for patients, human and animal caregivers,
our information for patients and customers.
farmers and producers, and human and animal
We incorporate health literacy into every aspect
health professionals to report adverse events
of clinical development and throughout the
(AEs) in the U.S. Outside the U.S., AEs are
lifecycle of our products. In 2020, we formed
reported in accordance with applicable local
the internal Health Literacy Community of
country laws and practices.
Practice (CoP), with the mission to champion
There are occasions when, in consultation health literacy across the Company by
with regulatory authorities, we may determine making our information more accessible,
that it is important to communicate new understandable and actionable for our
or updated information promptly to health customers and patients. We launched the
care professionals involved in prescribing or Health Literate Glossary in 2021 as a resource
dispensing a drug, or in caring for patients who for creating materials for patients and the