Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 117
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to privacy and data security
Over the past 20 years, we have developed and Our holistic approach to privacy has its origins in the development of Company principles Our approach to privacy and personal data
continually improved a comprehensive global biomedical research ethics and the protection of that ensure our use of AI follows ethical protection is one of accountability and
privacy program that promotes organizational participants in our research studies. In addition, and legal principles. We are committed to transparency. Our Chief Ethics and Compliance
accountability for privacy, data governance and for other activities and processes involving developing, deploying and using our AI systems Officer leads the Global Privacy Office and
data protection across our business and with data about people, we have adapted human transparently and adhering to our privacy and reports to the General Counsel, who is part of
our partners and suppliers. We were the first in subject research ethics standards for risk data security policies. the Executive Team and reports directly to our
the world to obtain regulatory approval in the benefit analysis, transparency, anonymization, CEO. Oversight of our global privacy program is
EU for Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), based coding and prior review. Global privacy program conducted by our Privacy and Data Protection
in part on our existing Asia-Pacific Economic Board (PDPB), a cross-functional governance
We recognize the exceptional potential that
Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules Our global privacy program is designed to body that meets quarterly to discuss the
artificial intelligence (AI) holds for enabling our
(CBPRs)-certified program. ensure continued compliance in a dynamic and strategic direction of our program.
Company to innovate and improve the lives
evolving regulatory landscape. In the U.S.,
This achievement demonstrates organizations of patients worldwide as well as to enhance At the heart of this effort is a global privacy
19 states have enacted data privacy laws of
can rely on common internal standards relevant business processes. However, we are program with a network of more than 300
some kind and countries around the world
and processes to govern international data also aware of AI risks in protecting privacy and privacy stewards globally. One of the many
continue to develop their data privacy legal
transfers across both the EU and APEC regions, personal information, such as the inaccuracy of tasks of this network is to measure program
framework. AI regulations are also emerging
simplifying their ability to address the growing data and biased processing. This is where our maturity through a combination of annual
with increasing frequency and complexity.
regulatory challenges in this area. privacy program plays a key role in supporting privacy self-assessments at the entity and
By anchoring our global program to the legal
organization level, and through internal,
requirements of the EU General Data Protection
comprehensive privacy audits. With privacy
Regulation (GDPR), we are well-positioned to
recognized as a human right in almost every
comply with new global regulations designed to
location around the world, the pull through of
model the GDPR and its key principles.
the global privacy program through the network
To keep pace with the evolving regulatory of privacy stewards broadens its reach beyond
landscape, we engage proactively with law the Global Privacy Office.
and policymakers and participate in renowned
Our privacy and data protection impact
international initiatives and forums such as
assessments can identify and address potential
the International Pharmaceutical & Medical
privacy risks through controls and remediation
Device Privacy Consortium, the Global Privacy
approaches aligned to regulatory requirements
Assembly, the Information Accountability
and best practices. We are increasingly reliant
Foundation, the Centre for Information Policy
on third-party partners and service providers
Leadership and the International Association
to assist us in our global operations. Just as we
of Privacy Professionals.
need to pay close attention to privacy and data
protection, so do the third parties in our supply
chain. We employ a robust third-party due
diligence process to ensure we only do business
with those who share our values and standards.