Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 54
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to benefits and well-being
Physical well-being Mental well-being
Physical well-being includes providing An entire ecosystem of factors affects an
preventive care coverage with affordable access employee’s mental health, including physical,
to high-quality health care benefits, as well financial and social health, as well as the well-
as programs and resources that build healthy being of their loved ones. Our holistic approach
habits for our employees and their families. to mental well-being involves providing an array
In the event of illness, we provide holistic of programs and resources suited to:
benefits and programs to help enable the best
• All stages of an employee’s career—from
treatment outcomes, long-term recovery and
recruitment and onboarding, to ongoing
survivor support.
development and career progression, to
retirement and separation
We continuously review and update our
health care benefits to meet the needs of our • Different milestones in their personal lives—
employees and their families. We design them including welcoming a child into the family,
to be competitive in each country to help attract caring for loved ones and the death of a
We provide significant value for employees Our culture of well-being encompasses
and retain top talent. In creating and deploying family member
through our benefits programs. four pillars—physical, mental, financial and
our benefits, we carefully consider several
• The various communities in which the
social. It fosters a safe and supportive work
As an innovation-based company, the expertise factors, including employee demographics, employee shares common beliefs,
environment and enables our employees and
and engagement of our employees is critical job demands, local and cultural needs and the backgrounds and cultures (e.g., in
their families to live their healthiest, fullest
to our business. We cannot be successful need for flexibility. support of our many Employee Business
lives. Our comprehensive and integrated
unless we prioritize employee well-being. Resource Groups)
approach connects closely with our strategic
We provide benefits and well-being programs Global standards of health care
priority of investing in the growth, success
We also bring awareness to managers through
that draw from best practices to ensure
and well-being of our people. We achieve
While specific health care benefits, wellness a global mental well-being e-module and to all
quality, competitive value and protection from
this by creating a culture of psychological
initiatives and programs differ by country, employees through a network of “mind-well”
significant financial hardship. We also provide
and physical safety, valuing and respecting
in 2024, we developed overarching guiding champions and regular communications.
access to tools and resources to support
employee feedback, and focusing on what
principles and standards of care to encourage
employees (and their families) through all
matters most. more comprehensive and clinically relevant Below are a few of our featured global benefits
stages of their careers and lives. Our Chief
program design worldwide. representing some of the different approaches
Human Resources Officer, in collaboration Benefit programs vary by country to reflect
we take to mental well-being. For a detailed list
with the Senior Vice President of Global local market practice, regulations and employee
Additionally, we have a global tobacco-free of mental well-being communications, benefits
Compensation & Benefits, serves as the needs. This section highlights only a few of our
workplace policy and, in 2025, we have and resources, see our Well-being Report.
executive sponsor, providing overall governance core offerings.
committed to providing preventive cancer
for employee well-being. Our Associate Vice
care, including Human Papillomavirus (HPV)
+ For more detail, please see our Well-being
President of Global Benefits & Well-being
vaccinations and recommended cancer
Report on our corporate website.
develops strategies, designs programs
screenings for all our employees and their
and manages the day-to-day operations
families to the extent possible.
and implementation.