Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 13
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our approach to stakeholder engagement
We engage with a wide variety of The groups of stakeholders we regularly engage In addition, we conduct an extensive Employees
with include: shareholder outreach program twice a
stakeholders to gain insights that
year focused on governance, executive We strive to foster a positive and inclusive
can inform our efforts and foster our
Patients and caregivers compensation and sustainability matters. working environment for our employees
progress toward solutions that benefit We believe it is most productive to discuss by providing resources to improve their
society and support our business. For patient communities—which include these matters well in advance of the Annual health and that of their families, as well as
individual patients, their caregivers and family Meeting of Shareholders. This enables opportunities to further their professional
We note many of these engagements
members, patient advocacy leaders and patient management and the Board to gather investor development and get more involved in the
in this report.
organizations—it is critical that we respect perspectives and make educated and deliberate communities where they live.
and honor their life experiences to better decisions that are balanced and appropriate for
As part of our efforts to maintain a satisfying
understand their health care journeys, expected our varied shareholders and in the best interests
and productive work environment, we
outcomes and decision-making considerations. of our Company.
routinely survey employees to learn about
+ For more information on our work with patient + For more information on our engagements their perspectives on the business and on
groups, please see our Patients page, which with shareholders, including topics discussed, how we are responding to the needs of our
includes our Commitment to Patients on our please see our 2025 Proxy Statement global workforce. The Employee Pulse Survey,
corporate website. (pages 24-25). our all-employee engagement survey, is our
flagship employee feedback mechanism and
is conducted multiple times a year.
Shareholders Health care professionals
+ To learn more about our work with employees,
Throughout the year, we regularly engage with We are committed to providing appropriate and please see pages 43-68.
our shareholders and seek to better understand balanced information to physicians and other
their perspectives. health care professionals about our medicines,
Payers
vaccines and ongoing research.
We have a proactive shareholder engagement
program, in which members of Investor + For more information on our work with health We work with payers worldwide to inform their
Relations, the Office of the Secretary, care professionals, please see pages 18-42, and understanding of the relationship between the
Human Resources and the Social Impact for our disclosures on payments to health care prices of our products and the true value they
& Sustainability team, as well as other professionals, please visit the Transparency deliver to patients and health care systems.
subject-matter experts, engage with our Disclosures page on our corporate website.
shareholders to remain well-informed regarding
their perspectives on current issues and to
address any questions or concerns. These
teams serve as liaisons between shareholders,
members of senior management and our Board.