Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 32
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
How we enable sustainable access to our innovative
medicines and vaccines
We strive to find sustainable, impactful care and service providers across Europe, Financing health care By expanding the reach of insurance solutions,
solutions to expand access to our innovative Latin America and Asia to identify barriers and we aim to remove financial barriers for patients.
medicines and vaccines. We remain committed develop innovative solutions that enhance One of the most persistent barriers to This collaborative approach underscores our
to our goal to enable 350 million more people to the efficiency and sustainability of health treatment in low- and middle-income commitment to shaping a more inclusive health
access our innovative medicines and vaccines care systems. countries (LMICs) is the high out-of-pocket care ecosystem—one that leverages cross-
through access solutions by 2025. In 2024, we cost for critical illnesses, limiting patient sector collaborations to create sustainable,
Using our expertise in oncology and our
made steady progress, enabling access for more access to life-saving therapies. In addition long-term access and affordability solutions
comprehensive understanding of the wider
than 247 million people (see page 31). to our extensive philanthropic actions and at every level of our business.
health care ecosystem, we engage in non-
partnerships, we also work with reinsurers
Our Sustainable Access Solutions (SAS) team promotional collaborations with providers An example of our action in this area is
and insurance providers to design innovative,
is dedicated to accelerating access by evolving to analyze and address constraints in cancer our current work in China, where we are
affordable health insurance solutions that
our capabilities, creating globally available patient pathways. Our goal is to enable collaborating with public health authorities
expand coverage and affordability for cutting-
frameworks and capturing learnings across greater access to care and optimize resource to offer immunotherapy financing through
edge cancer treatments.
countries. This team also advocates for greater use, making a difference for people and supplemental medical insurance, driving
stakeholder collaboration that enables us to patients worldwide. greater health care inclusion.
develop, test and scale innovative solutions
A prime example of our work in sustainable
for today and into the future. Through
access solutions is currently underway in
innovative partnerships with a broad range
France. We entered into 16 collaborations aimed
of cross-industry partners, we also ideate
at optimizing cancer treatment pathways, with
new ways to enable patient access—working
a particular emphasis on enhancing capacity
with health authorities, employers, insurers,
for infusion treatments, for example, through
non-governmental, community-based and
an increase in scheduling capacity. This is not
advocacy organizations on creative, tailored
only increasing activity and streamlining patient
solutions to recurring health care barriers.
flow within the infusion unit, but also enhancing
the overall experience for patients.
Driving health care
In Canada, we engaged in 13 collaborations
innovation through
supporting institutions in pathway
customer collaborations optimization, focusing on reducing time to
diagnosis and time to treatment for lung cancer
Many health care systems face significant across five provinces in the country. We also
challenges, including long wait times and expanded collaborations in five countries in mid-
capacity constraints that hinder timely Europe to identify bottlenecks and reduce time
diagnosis and treatment. In response to to diagnosis in lung cancer pathways.
these issues, we collaborate with health