Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 79
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
• Basins identified as high or “extremely” high the above methodology and network changes, with industry-accepted risk assessment of the AMR Alliance Antibiotic Manufacturing
risk for water stress where sites are located we continue to have one site with a water methods, to establish procedures for managing Standard. We have reviewed the operations
are further assessed using a catchment- conservation plan in place. and controlling active pharmaceutical of our human health antibiotic manufacturing
specific approach ingredients (APIs) in their wastewater. facilities and third-party human health
The sites that use the most water in our
antibiotic suppliers to assess their wastewater
• High-risk sites meet one of the
network are in the U.S. Of these, seven are in Each facility uses the internal EQC standards to:
treatment controls. We also have developed a
following criteria:
areas of “high” or “extremely high” Baseline
• Assess the potential risk from its operations mechanism for transparently demonstrating
• Located in basins confirmed to be Water Stress according to the WRI Aqueduct
using science-based and industry-accepted that our supply chain meets the standards in
experiencing high or extremely high Water Risk Atlas tool. However, after further
risk assessment methods this framework, which was presented in the
water stress through the catchment- evaluation as described in the bullets above,
AMR Industry Alliance Progress Report.
• Minimize environmental impacts from
specific approach these sites are considered medium risk.
wastewater discharges in the local watershed
We participate in efforts to address water
• Known to experience water risk,
regardless of the WRI Aqueduct Water discharge-related • Establish procedures for managing, treating discharge-related impacts with various
or controlling APIs in wastewater prior to organizations, including the European
Water Risk Atlas tool assessment
impacts
discharge, where needed Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries
• Water conservation plans are put in place at
and Associations (EFPIA). The EFPIA,
high-risk sites that use more than 100,000 We conduct environmental risk assessments Our facilities are provided with API treatment
Medicines for Europe and the Association
m3 of water per year. We work with a third- on our products (small molecules, biologics and or reduction technology such as advanced
of the European Self-Care Industry (AESGP)
party expert to evaluate opportunities for vaccines) from the development phase through oxidation where needed, so that our wastewater
have worked together to develop the
water use reductions at these sites, resulting product launch, to understand and manage discharges meet both regulatory requirements
Eco-Pharmaco-Stewardship (EPS) initiative.
in site-specific water conservation plans. product impacts both from manufacturing and and these internal standards. Where on-site
• We’ll continue to monitor sites that do not patient use. We assess products in a manner treatment is not provided, wastewater is The EPS initiative considers the environmental
meet the water use threshold for operational consistent with the most stringent applicable discharged to external wastewater treatment impacts of a medicine throughout its lifecycle,
risk and put in place conservation plans global regulations, including the regulatory facilities with the technology and capacity to and addresses the roles and responsibilities
as needed. review processes of the U.S. Food and Drug treat our wastewater. of all parties in managing those impacts. This
Administration and the European Medicines includes public services, the pharmaceutical
Our Environmental Review Committee oversees
This assessment ensures we can adapt Agency. Product environmental safety profiles industry, environmental experts, doctors,
our internal EQC standards. We also provide
our strategy to changing stressors in each are reassessed during periodic renewals of pharmacists and patients.
wastewater discharge criteria to suppliers that
catchment. It also enables us to better prioritize product filings, and risk mitigation actions are
manufacture pharmaceutical compounds for + For more information on our supply
facilities and catchments for water stewardship implemented when needed.
us and have initiated detailed assessments of chain, please see pages 107-113. For more
activities and lays the foundation for potential
future water targets in priority locations. We use the information from our risk our suppliers to better understand and address information on our water withdrawal,
assessments to establish or update our potential impacts. consumption and discharge treatment,
The selected group of sites is dependent on internal, compound-specific Environmental refer to our CDP Disclosure on the
As a member of the Antimicrobial Resistance
global network changes and updates to the WRI Quality Criteria (EQC), which are used to Sustainability Resources page.
(AMR) Alliance and signatory to the Industry
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. In 2024, the confirm that wastewater discharged from our
WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool identified facilities does not contain levels of residual
Roadmap for Progress on Combating AMR, we
+ For environmental sustainability data
are delivering on our commitments to reduce
12 of our manufacturing and/or research products that present a risk to human and goal performance, please see the
the environmental impacts from antibiotic
facilities as being in areas with “extremely high” health or the environment. We require our Performance summary at the end of the
residue in wastewater through implementation
Baseline Water Stress, and six as being in areas manufacturing facilities to use EQC, along environmental sustainability section of
with “high” Baseline Water Stress. As a result of this report.