Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 121
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Membership associations Through our top three trade associations, in • Protecting access to animal health • Fostering frameworks for sound pricing and
2024, we engaged on the following policy issues products, including vaccines, medicines procurement regimes in and across diverse
We are a member of numerous U.S.-based at the U.S. federal level: and technology solutions EU member state economies
industry and trade groups. We work with
• Medicare Part B • Educating state policymakers on the • Supporting government vaccination
these groups because they represent the
impact of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl programs
• Medicare Part D
pharmaceutical industry and business
substances (PFAS) regulations on active
• Advancing the dialogue for sustainable
community in debates led by governments • Pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) reform
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) used
models to fund future cancer and
and other stakeholders, and because they
in animal and human health products
We also engaged on the following policy issues cardiovascular care
help the industry reach consensus on public
at the U.S. state level in 2024: • Animal welfare and research
policy issues. • Improving standards for health technology
• Advancing market-based solutions to support assessment and health literacy
In addition, we engaged on the following
Our top three trade associations in 2024: patient access to innovative medicines,
policy issues in Europe in 2024: • Ensuring science-based policies for
• PhRMA vaccines and health care
biological medicines
• Addressing the European
• Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) • Supporting policies to enable a strong
Commission’s review of incentives • Science-based trade policy for farm animals
business environment for U.S. operations
• U.S. Chamber of Commerce for biopharmaceutical products and food products derived from farm animals
• Protecting a strong immunization
• EU Chemicals Sustainability Strategy
When our trade associations actively lobby
infrastructure
and the Zero Pollution Action Plan
on our core business issues, we seek to align
their positions with our own. There are times, • Animal welfare and the science-
however, when we may not share the views based solutions provided by our new
of our peers or associations—both on issues technology portfolio
that are central to our business and on those
• Animal health as a contributor to
that, while important, are not directly material
food sustainability
to our purpose. With representatives on
boards and committees of industry groups and In 2024, we conducted a climate policy alignment
trade associations, we can voice questions or assessment of U.S. trade associations in which
concerns we may have about policy or related we were a member in 2023 and where our dues
activities. We may even recuse ourselves from were greater than $25,000. For this assessment,
related trade association or industry group we determined whether these trade associations
activities when appropriate. had publicly disclosed formal positions on climate
change and, if so, we reviewed those positions
We disclose a list of industry and trade groups
in the context of our position on climate change.
of which we are members and for which
This assessment is on the Sustainability
our dues are greater than $25,000 and the
Resources page of our corporate website.
amount of those dues that are used for political
purposes. We encourage all trade associations + Information on our approach to climate change
to which we belong to disclose publicly their is on pages 70-76.
political activities as well.
+ Please see the Transparency Disclosures page
on our corporate website for a list of our U.S.
industry and trade groups.