Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 50
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to learning and development
The Global Learning Development (GLD) Continuous evaluation Functional learning Leadership development
organization is committed to fostering an
inclusive and enriching learning environment and accessibility Functional learning is a key focus and equips offerings
that prioritizes an array of perspectives. Our employees with the skills needed for their roles.
approach to employee development strategically Recognizing that the skills and capabilities Collaborating with employees from a variety The HR Talent Center of Excellence (CoE)
aligns with our Company aspirations and of our employees must align with our of functional areas ensures robust learning offered the following leadership development
purpose, ensuring all team members have access organizational objectives, we engage in ongoing opportunities, enabling employees to excel experiences during 2024. These experiences
to the learning experiences needed to thrive. assessments of our learning culture and and develop capabilities for future roles. align with our Enterprise Leaderships Skills
strategies. This iterative process enables us to and Strategic Framework.
Our process begins with a comprehensive retool our development initiatives as needed
Mandatory training
analysis of the learning requirements across our to better support our workforce. Moreover, Multi-team Leader Learning Journey
global workforce. Through detailed discovery we create learning experiences that adhere We require mandatory safety, compliance and
of learner personas, we identify specific needs to established accessibility guidelines. By quality training to uphold our high standards A six-month immersive learning experience for
and environmental factors that influence prioritizing accessibility in our learning design, and ensure the well-being of employees, employees who inspire and oversee multiple
learning. This thorough understanding allows we ensure all employees can participate fully customers and the wider community. teams, the Multi-team Leader Journey ensures
us to craft tailored solutions that resonate with in their development. team leaders effectively support and empower
our employees. their employees. Participants come together
in live forums and virtual sessions to address
Our learning strategy is designed around five our greatest business and people challenges
critical moments in an employee’s career journey. Training and education* 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 through peer coaching, collaborative problem-
They include: solving and experimenting. The journey
Total course completions for all learners (in millions) 7.2 6.3 5.1 5.5 6.3
1. In-role Growth: Enhancing skills for is open for self-registration to colleagues
current positions to drive performance across the globe within the multi-team leader
Hours of training for all learners (in millions)¹ 3.6 3.2 2.5 2.7 3.2
and job satisfaction persona and is delivered regionally. Aimed at
Average course completions per learner 69 51 42 49 57 supporting the upskilling needed to navigate
2. Professional Development: Curated
complexity at the executive level, participants
learning opportunities that support
*“All learners” is defined as all active regular and part-time employees, as well as applicable contingent workers. are invited to test and learn leadership skills in
employee development across all
¹ Based on average of 30 minutes per course. an environment where they focus on connecting
organizational levels
and learning across the enterprise. The main
3. Leader Development: Cultivating future components of the sessions include creating a
leaders through targeted programs that
Talent, learning and development focus visionary “strategy on a page,” deepening self-
foster leadership skills
awareness, leading with presence, resilience
4. Company and Culture: Promoting We prioritize the learning and development of our talent to support our future leader pipeline. and adaptability, setting the conditions for
organizational values and fostering a sense Our talent and learning development portfolios include functional learning, mandatory training psychological safety, unlocking faster and better
of belonging among all employees and leadership development. decisions, and collaborating across networks.
5. Mandatory Training: Ensuring compliance
and awareness of essential policies
and practices