Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 123
GRI | SASB | UNGC | SDGs | WEF
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards represent global best practices for reporting publicly on a range of economic, environmental and social impacts. The table below summarizes where responses to
the GRI disclosures can be found throughout this report.
General disclosures
GRI # Description Response
2-1 Organizational details Page 4
All of our Company’s global operations, including those of subsidiaries, are in scope for this
report unless stated otherwise. This report includes activities at all facilities, owned and
leased, over which we have operational control, unless otherwise noted.
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting
The basis for reporting on other matters specific to the operations of our business can be
found in our 2024 Form 10-K.
Except as otherwise noted, we report on our policies, initiatives and performance annually.
The data in this report cover the same period as our annual financial reporting, from January
1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. In some cases, the narrative in the report also includes
content regarding decisions and initiatives that took place in the first half of 2024.
Our last Impact Report was published in August 2024.
We welcome your feedback on this report, as well as any other comments or questions you
may have. You may contact us at the address, email, phone number or web address below.
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Merck & Co., Inc.
Social Impact & Sustainability
126 East Lincoln Avenue
P.O. Box 2000
Rahway, NJ 07065 USA
investor_relations@merck.com
908-740-4000
merck.com/contact-us/
Any restatements of information from prior Impact Reports, and the reasons for these
2-4 Restatements of information
restatements, are described in the footnotes beneath the performance data tables.