Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 72
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
We integrate these potential risks into our Projects and funding Committee—a cross-functional leadership our capital investments. This enhancement
business planning, including investments team responsible for ensuring our portfolio not only enables us to track and report on our
in reducing energy use, water use and To advance our journey toward achieving net- of capital projects aligns with our Company sustainability performance more effectively,
GHG emissions. zero GHG emissions, in 2024, we embedded strategy and long-range operating plan—has but also reinforces our commitment to
sustainability principles and funding into incorporated emissions impact into its decision- integrating environmental considerations into
We have prioritized these reductions by
all capital projects, regardless of their size making process by approving the Environmental our financial decision-making processes. It
establishing internal policies and practices
and scope. Sustainability Capital Principles that are now also demonstrates our dedication to aligning
focused on reducing energy use at our sites
reflected in our building design standards. financial decisions with environmental
and minimizing GHG generation throughout In 2024, we also made a strategic decision
This means the Committee now considers the sustainability goals within our standard capital
our Company. By taking these steps, we are not to prioritize the creation of our net-zero
GHG emissions impact of all proposed capital allocation business processes. This approach
only minimizing GHG emissions and mitigating roadmaps focused on energy consumption and
projects or investments, which will enable us will allow us to prioritize our investments that
the expected business impacts of future climate decarbonization projects for our top emitting
to achieve our goals. not only drive business value but also contribute
change regulations, but we also expect to sites across our Company. As part of this
to reducing our overall carbon footprint in
reduce operating costs. initiative, we have incorporated over 90 new In addition, we updated the systems used for
Scopes 1 & 2.
capital projects into our long-range capital plan. capital governance and reporting to provide
+ Additional information on the results of
To ensure the successful implementation of greater transparency around emissions and
our analysis using the TCFD framework are Carbon offsets
our net-zero roadmap, our Enterprise Capital sustainability-related spending for each of
available on the Sustainability Resources page
on our corporate website. In following the guidance of the SBTi, we do
not use carbon offsets against our near-term
(2030) SBTi approved Scope 1 & 2 and Scope 3
reduction targets.
When we reach our net-zero target, we will
neutralize any residual emissions with carbon
removals to reach net-zero emissions, in
compliance with the SBTi’s Net-Zero Standard.
Carbon offsets are used when required by
local, regional or national programs and in
certification initiatives such as LEED Zero.
+ For more information on our carbon offsets,
their procurement and application, see
the Sustainability Resources page on our
corporate website.