Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 98
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to ethical corporate behavior
Our Code of Conduct We encourage employees to bring concerns Fostering a To foster a strong culture of ethics and
to their management, HR, Legal, Compliance, compliance, the Ethics & Compliance Office
speak-up culture
In 2023, we released an updated edition of Global Investigations or at MSDethics.com, partners with a network of site-based,
our Code of Conduct, which supports our which is operated by an independent third party volunteer ethics ambassadors outside of the
The Ethics & Compliance Office manages
employees’ values-based decision-making. and is available 24/7. MSDethics.com allows U.S. These ambassadors are advocates for
our global Speak Up program, which includes
The Code of Conduct empowers our employees employees and suppliers to raise concerns or the Speak Up program and address employee
a range of educational campaigns and
to uphold our ethical standards in their day- ask questions confidentially and anonymously questions about our reporting process.
communication activities. These initiatives
to-day work. Offered in both digital and PDF (where permitted by law) in their preferred
encourage a speak-up culture and raise
formats in 21 languages, our Code of Conduct language, via telephone or online. Of note, it
awareness of the channels for reporting
is easily accessible, regardless of language is a violation of our corporate policy to retaliate
potential concerns. We also inform employees
and technological preferences. against employees who report concerns.
of the process we follow once a concern
In addition to guiding employees in how We maintain a process for escalation and is reported.
to navigate complex situations, the Code investigation of potential ethics- and
of Conduct encourages them to speak up compliance-related concerns. The process
and report ethical concerns. ensures we promptly and discreetly
investigate all reports.
+ Please visit our corporate website for more
information on our Code of Conduct. If allegations of misconduct are substantiated,
we take appropriate actions to ensure those
responsible are held accountable and recurrence
Addressing ethics- and
is prevented. Subject to local law, disciplinary
compliance-related actions can include, but are not limited to,
dismissal, final written warning letters or
concerns
suspension. Incentive payments may also
be impacted, subject to local law. In addition,
The Global Investigations team within the
we address any needed improvements in
Offices of the General Counsel receives,
organizational and process controls.
triages and redresses ethics- and compliance-
related concerns. Depending on the nature
of a concern, it is addressed by appropriate
members of the Offices of the General Counsel,
including the Global Investigations team,
Ethics & Compliance Office, Global Security
or Human Resources (HR).