Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 20
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Reaching people with our Enabling sustainable access and
medicines and vaccines strengthening health systems
We reached 92% of countries with our products We also develop, test and implement market-based solutions that address barriers to access,
in 2024. To understand the reach and impact of enabling more people to access our medicines and vaccines. In addition, our social investments
our products, we track and report the number of help to reduce barriers for populations underserved by health care globally.
people reached with our medicines and vaccines.
>450 M >247 M
• Commitment to UNICEF/GAVI • External financing solutions
People reached with our medicines and vaccines in 20241 People enabled to access our
• Customer collaborations • New access channels
innovative medicines and vaccines
through access solutions in 20242
• Commercial channels • Voluntary licensing
>66 M
• Clinical trials • Product donations
• Merck for Mothers • Impact investments
People, underserved by health
• Charitable contributions • Health equity initiatives
care, reached through our social
investments (2021-2024)3,4
1 This people reached metric estimates the number of people who have received a Merck 2 Metrics contributing to this goal are displayed on an annual basis and provide information on the number of people who now have the option to access medicines
& Co., Inc. product through commercial channels, clinical trials, voluntary licensing or and vaccines as a result of our sustainable access strategies, solutions and partnerships, including our commitment to Gavi and UNICEF (rather than doses shipped),
product donations. Product donations include people reached through the MECTIZAN collaborations to optimize resources in health systems, expanded financial coverage through insurance, and new community-based channel partnerships. “Innovative
Donation Program, U.S. Patient Assistance Programs, and the Merck Medical Outreach medicines and vaccines” refers to our Company’s on-patent products. Enable “more people” is defined as populations in initiatives launched in markets as of 2025,
Program. Sources of data are Merck & Co., Inc. and third-party data sets that are tracked in comparison to a 2020 baseline. Evidence for metrics is sourced from the best publicly available data and proxy sources by market. While proxies differ by market,
within an enterprise-wide internal database. The people reached metric for all sources all methodologies are evaluated and represent the best estimate of people enabled to access innovative medicines and vaccines. People who were enabled to access
is calculated as doses sold divided by the average dose schedule for a given market in a innovative medicines and vaccines did not necessarily receive such innovative medicines and vaccines.
given year. People taking multiple products may be counted as multiple people toward 3 Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments. “Underserved populations” are defined as those that face
the total estimate. In some instances, this estimate may include people enabled to access health disparities due to disadvantages related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/or
our products through access solutions, which are calculated as part of our goal to enable language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting period of 2021-2025, and is independent of a baseline period. Actuals for each year to date are based
access to our innovative medicines and vaccines (page 31). The people reached metric on reports received between 1 March and 28/29 February of the corresponding performance year.
does not include people reached through social investments, which are calculated as part 4 Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases, third-party reports may include cumulative people
of our goal to further advance access to health for populations in LMICs and groups with reached for the reporting period, and/or data that are attributable to other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
limited access to care in high-income countries (page 38).