Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 140
Forward-looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway,
N.J., USA
This report of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N.J., USA (the “Company”) includes
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions
of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are
based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company’s management
and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees
with respect to pipeline candidates that the candidates will receive the
necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially
successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties
materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the
forward-looking statements.
Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions
and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency
exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation
and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends
toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and
patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development,
including obtaining regulatory approval; the Company’s ability to accurately predict
future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of
international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the
Company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure
to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions.
The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the Company’s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet
site (www.sec.gov).
No duty to update
The information contained in this publication was current as of the date presented.
The Company assumes no duty to update the information to reflect subsequent
developments. Consequently, the Company will not update the information
contained in this publication and investors should not rely upon the information
as current or accurate after the presentation date.