Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 41
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Our commitment to maternal health
Maternal health outcomes highlight the Since inception through 2024, our Merck for For example, in 2024, we launched a new public-
strength of a health system. In many countries, Mothers initiative has reached nearly 35 million private partnership with the Pan-American
unacceptable and inequitable access to care women with programs to improve maternal Health Organization to address postpartum
around pregnancy and childbirth lead to health outcomes, surpassing a commitment to hemorrhage, or severe bleeding after childbirth,
devastating impacts for families. Merck for reach at least 25 million women by 2025. in Latin America. We also expanded our
Mothers is our $650 million global initiative partnership with the CDC Foundation in support
Our efforts bring fresh thinking and infuse
to create a world where no woman has to die of Hear Her, a national health communications
new approaches to end the longstanding
while giving life. For a decade and counting, campaign in the U.S. improving the recognition
challenge of maternal mortality. With our
we have brought Merck’s scientific and business of maternal warning signs among patients,
grantees and collaborators, we are improving
expertise to help carve a path to a better families and health care providers.
health systems for women by advancing
world where maternal health outcomes are
quality standards, catalyzing solutions that + For more information, please visit the
improved by increasing access to safe, high-
respond to community needs, and harnessing Merck for Mothers website.
quality, and respectful care around pregnancy
private-sector innovations for maternal health.
and childbirth.
Addressing cancer disparities
In addition to the philanthropic investments Globally, we collaborate with the City Cancer with Go Further, we are supporting an
mentioned earlier in this section, we are Challenge Foundation (C/Can) to improve independent, investigator-initiated study of the
building a range of collaborations to strengthen access to quality cancer care in 15 cities around use of our 9-valent HPV vaccine in a cohort of
cancer prevention, care and support systems to the world by strengthening patient navigation, women living with HIV in Eswatini. Go Further
close gaps in care and health outcomes. In the care coordination and data capacity through aims to reduce new cervical cancer cases
U.S., we have supported the American Cancer the integration of digital platforms in health among women living with HIV in 12 African
Society’s Get Screened campaign, aimed at systems. Together with C/Can, we joined countries with some of the highest rates of
reducing disparities in cancer screening that the Global Breast Cancer Initiative (GBCI), HIV prevalence and cervical cancer incidence
were exacerbated by COVID-19. which aims to save 2.5 million lives over a 20- in the world. The study will help determine the
year period. As members of the Access to appropriate dosing of vaccine for women living
Through our partnerships and commitments,
Oncology Medicines (ATOM) coalition, we work with HIV.
we support a variety of efforts to help improve
together with over 40 partners across private
education, navigation and access to services
and civil society sectors to address barriers to
in communities disproportionately affected
availability, affordability and appropriate use of
by cancer.
oncology medicines in low- and lower-middle
income countries. Through our collaboration