Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 7
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Operating Responsibly in 2024 and engaging more than 400 Tier 1
through 3 suppliers overall. By integrating
Our employees are key to the success of
sustainability into our business strategy, we
our Company. They are integral to how we
enhance operational efficiency, reduce risk
serve our patients, and deliver positive,
across our supply chain and create long-term
impactful and long-lasting outcomes for all
value for our stakeholders. And to ensure
our stakeholders. We make a concerted effort
accountability at every level, our Company
to cultivate a workforce that exhibits ethical
Scorecard directly ties 10 out of 100 points to
leadership and operates responsibly.
select sustainability metrics specific to access
As part of our continued emphasis on ethical to health care, employee engagement, and
leadership, more than 99% of our employees inclusion, reinforcing our belief that sustainability
around the world completed our ethics and drives long-term success.
integrity training in 2024, reinforcing our strong
and enduring culture of trust and responsibility. Purpose for Progress
Our long-standing commitment and focus on
I’m pleased to share that Merck has been named
advancing access to health, operating responsibly
to the U.S. News & World Report’s 2025–2026
and implementing strategies that protect the
Best Companies to Work For list. Additionally,
health of people, animals and the planet is
Merck was ranked #1 on Newsweek’s America’s
unwavering. As we continue to navigate the
Most Responsible Company list.
rapid pace of change happening all around us,
I am proud of the progress we’ve made thus far,
Supporting a Sustainable Society
and I remain optimistic about our future. I believe
We continue to prioritize our focus on
with our purpose as our guide, we can keep
environmental sustainability because we know
identifying and implementing viable, sustainable
how important and intrinsically linked it is to the
and impactful solutions that address some of the
future success of our people, our performance
world’s most serious and complex global health
and our planet.
challenges, while also creating value for our
patients and our stakeholders.
We pledged to achieve net-zero greenhouse
gas emissions across Scopes 1, 2 and 3 by
I look forward to our continued commitment
2045, aligning with the Science Based Targets
and contributions that will help make
initiative (SBTi). Our dedication to reducing
our communities, country and the
our environmental footprint has earned us
world a healthier place.
recognition, including being honored with the
Green Chemistry Challenge Award for our Thank you for your trust and partnership.
efforts to develop more sustainable medicines
Very best regards,
seven times since 2017.
In addition to our operations, we continue
to strengthen our responsible sourcing and
support economic inclusion, having spent Rob Davis
$4 billion with small Tier 1 and 2 suppliers Chairman and Chief Executive Officer