Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 112
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier environmental assessment Economic inclusion
We integrate environmental sustainability The GSE organization leads the EHS screening We have been working for almost 40 years In 2024, our expenditures covered a global
principles into each stage of our supplier and on-site assessment, including a survey to create economic opportunities by footprint that includes the U.S.; Latin America
management program. Our GSMG drives covering topics such as regulatory compliance, procuring products and services from an (LATAM); Europe, Middle East, Africa and
the program and maintains the associated fatalities and major incidents. array of businesses, ranging in location, Canada (EMEAC); as well as Japan, China and
standards and processes by which we ownership and specialization. We integrate Asia Pacific (JCAP) regions. We understand
Based on the screening results and activities
identify, qualify and manage suppliers. this approach into our overall global business how a healthy, fair and robust supply chain
the supplier undertakes, certain external
The Environmental Sustainability Program development strategy under our fourth pillar empowers people to overcome social and
manufacturers are subject to a more detailed
is an essential element of supplier management (Transform the environmental, cultural and economic barriers.
on-site assessment by a multidisciplinary
along with Social Responsibility, Economic business landscape). When we support small
team, which may include our Quality,
Inclusion and Small Business Development. businesses, we bring economic opportunities to Advanced Leadership
GSE, Global Technical Operations and
We partner with our third parties to drive communities that create jobs, build wealth and
GSMG representatives. We periodically Program
environmental sustainability throughout bring in community development. These efforts
reassess our external manufacturers using
our supply chain. are also good for business. Our efforts support a
a risk-based approach; higher-risk external The Merck Advanced Leadership Program (ALP)
global supply chain that links stakeholders with
+ For more information on our integrated manufacturers are subject to more frequent represents a collaborative effort between our
innovative and qualified suppliers to help us
approach with our suppliers, please see on-site assessments. Company and Drexel University. With a focus on
deliver on our purpose.
pages 69-95. experiential development, this program draws
We expect our external manufacturers will
+ For more information on our overall GD&I upon evidence-based research and the expertise
remediate EHS observations, and we monitor
strategy, please see pages 57-61. of industry practitioners to provide valuable
External manufacturing and track corrective actions and preventative
knowledge and experiences. Participants
actions (CAPAs) through completion.
engage in thought-provoking discussions and
We screen external manufacturers of active
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and finished For 2024, all assessments referenced in facilitated sessions with Drexel University
products for environmental health and safety the table below were performed in person. faculty, as well as their peers and our leadership.
$4.0 billion* These interactions foster self-reflection and
(EHS) compliance, in addition to quality, supply
personal growth, and establish relationships
and technical competence requirements.
Global spend through our economic within a broader community network.
inclusion program, representing
Since its inception, the ALP has made a
18% of our global procurement
profound impact on the landscape of supplier
External manufacturing
spend in 2024
development, as evidenced by recent
EHS assessments 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
evaluations and feedback from participants
*Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend.
and stakeholders. The program is designed to
Prospective external manufacturers 50 42 27 49 47
enhance the capabilities of graduated suppliers,
Current external manufacturers 27 54 51 80 55 equipping them with essential skills and
insights necessary to thrive in an increasingly
Total 77 96 78 129 102 competitive marketplace.