Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 38
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Strengthening health
systems and addressing
barriers to health care
Our focus on strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health
care aligns with our deepest-held values. We strive to reduce barriers for
communities facing long-standing challenges in getting quality care globally.
We believe that by working closely with governments, donors, patient groups,
health care professionals, nonprofit organizations, academic institutions,
multilateral organizations and private enterprises, we can build stronger
health systems that provide better care.
>66 million $43 million Goal 2024 Total
People, underserved by health In social investments to strengthen Reach more than 50 million people in low- and middle-
care, reached through our social health systems in 2024 income countries and in underserved populations in high-
11.40 66.20
investments (2021-2024) (p. 39) income countries with our social investments by 2025
(in millions)¹
¹ (a) Social investments include our Company’s philanthropic partnerships, programs and impact investments.
“Underserved populations” are defined as those that face gaps in care and health outcomes due to disadvantages
related to insurance status, social determinants of health, race, ethnicity, gender identity/sexual orientation, age and/
or language preference. The goal is cumulative across the reporting period of 2021-2025 and is independent of a baseline
period. Actuals for 2024 and for each year in the total to date are based on reports received between the 1st of March and
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
the last day of February of the corresponding performance year.
(b) Third-party reporting is used to calculate the number of people reached through social investments. In some cases,
GRI 203 SASB 240a.1 third-party reports may include cumulative people reached for the reporting period, and/or data that are attributable to
other partners as well as our Company’s philanthropic investment.
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our
prioritized frameworks.