Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 51
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Team Leader Learning Journey across the 2.5-year program, which includes
two rotations and a 30-month learning
The Team Leader Journey provides a three- journey. Participants gain a comprehensive
month experiential learning opportunity understanding of the organization and its
for employees who direct and oversee a interdependencies, enhancing their business
team of individual employees and their daily and leadership capabilities and enabling them
tasks and operations, particularly when they to make a meaningful impact within their
provide guidance, assign tasks and ensure home division upon completion. The first
team members are productive and engaged. cohort launched in October with 11 participants
Participants come together in a live forum and from across the globe.
virtual sessions to enable their growth as new
team leaders. Through the interactive learning
Coaching programs
experience, participants gain self-awareness
and practical tools to support effective team
Our coaching portfolio offers numerous
leadership. The journey is open for self-
experiences to support employees at all levels in
registration to colleagues across the globe
a range of needs, including role transition, skill-
within the team leader persona and is delivered
building, leadership effectiveness and beyond.
regionally. During the facilitated experience,
Senior leaders can transition into new roles by
participants test and learn leadership skills in
defining business and professional priorities—
an environment where they focus on trends
in line with our purpose, Ways of Working and
shaping our Company’s future, how to inspire
values—and supported by industry, business
their team, ways to create psychological
and leadership experts. Our mid-level and
safety, methods to drive accountability, skills
senior leaders have access to a global cadre of
for listening, coaching, and giving feedback,
coaches with subject matter expertise spanning
and techniques to build strong partnerships.
industries. Rooted in sustained behavior
change, coaching engagements enhance
General Management Acceleration
leadership skills and accelerate employees
Program – Leadership, Enterprise, to high-level roles.
Experience, Purpose (GMAP-LEEP)
In support of the evolution of our Talent Growth
Framework and talent strategy, in 2024, we
In 2024, we introduced GMAP-LEEP, a
moved from nomination-based programming
global application-based program offering
(by people leaders) to self-enrollment (by
an immersive development journey aimed
employees). This allows all employees to play
at advancing the knowledge and skills of
a more significant role in their development
mid-career talent. The program prepares
and ensures equal development opportunities
participants to lead from an enterprise
across our Company. It also reinforces our
perspective by infusing the principles of
commitment to fairness and inclusion.
leadership, enterprise, experience and purpose