Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 74
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Employee engagement Facilities We have more than 5.6 million square feet of energy through the electrical grid and virtual
“green” real estate floor space, either completed power purchase agreement (VPPA) and power
Our employees have demonstrated We created tools such as the Low Carbon or under construction, with multiple buildings purchase agreement (PPA) projects.
collaboration in driving emission reductions Transition Playbook (LCTP) to support our sites’ receiving LEED certification—including five Gold
and promoting energy efficiency. energy reduction and transition plans. The LCTP ratings in 2024. In 2024, we conducted a gap assessment of
our global electricity use verses our current
is a living document resulting from a cross-
One example is the ongoing “See Green, Be + To learn more about our facilities renewable electricity sourcing. This assessment
functional effort that pulled together Company
Green” initiative launched by our Ireland sites and global LEED projects, see the will allow us to implement a strategy to reach
experts in a “design-thinking” workshop to
on World Earth Day 2021. This comprehensive Sustainability Resources page on and maintain our 2025 goal.
develop strategies to reduce GHG emissions.
and award-winning effort instills a sustainability our corporate website.
mindset in their operations, focusing on The LCTP includes a gap assessment for sites to Since 2019, our continued efforts at renewable
culture, biodiversity and carbon and waste evaluate the maturity of their energy programs. energy procurement have resulted in 209
reduction. It is a grassroots effort that has It also helps create short- and long-term plans Renewable energy MW of VPPA commitments. This includes our
successfully engaged employees and fostered to reduce sites’ carbon intensity, build toward second U.S. VPPA, the 58 MW Old 300 Solar
a sustainability culture throughout our Ireland a low-carbon future and plan for net-zero. We have committed to sourcing 100% of our project in Texas, which began operation in June
sites. The “See Green, Be Green” initiative has In 2024, we updated the latest version of the purchased electricity from renewable energy by 2024, and an additional VPPA contract, the
evolved each year to meet the needs of our Irish LCTP to include new technological solutions 2025. Photovoltaic (PV) arrays, wind turbines 51 MW Postigo Solar project in Spain, which
sites and the surrounding communities. The for energy reduction as well as an improved and other renewable energy installations avoid commenced operations in Q2 2025. The regional
program has created opportunities for best reporting interface to promote best practice- emissions, helping to reduce energy demand breakdown of these commitments is:
sharing across sites. peaks and to postpone or preclude adding new
practice-sharing through multi-site planning
“fossil-fuel” power plants. We continually look • North America: 118 MW
workshops. It has also focused on increasing its
All of our new buildings and major renovations
for opportunities for new on-site renewable
membership, which has generated new ideas. are built following cost-effective and energy- • Europe: 91 MW
energy generation, vendor-supplied renewable
In addition, “See Green, Be Green” has increased
efficient practices, and must reduce their GHG
its reach with frequent communication of the
emissions by a minimum of 50% compared
program’s results and related events.
to a similar building. They are designed to
meet the LEED rating system or a comparable
+ Click here to learn more about the “See Green,
standard (e.g., Building Research Establishment
Be Green” initiative. Energy Star
Environmental Assessment Method [BREEAM],
Excellence in Energy Efficiency Design [EXEED],
In March 2024, the U.S. EPA again recognized our Company with our 17th consecutive
Haute Qualité Environnementale [HQE], etc.).
Sustained Excellence Award. This is also the 19th consecutive year we have been
At minimum, our offices and laboratories
recognized by ENERGY STAR for excellence in energy management.
must achieve LEED Gold certification, and
manufacturing, warehouse and utility buildings In 2024, we continued to successfully use ENERGY STAR benchmarking tools such as the
must achieve LEED Silver certification. ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager to obtain the ENERGY STAR Certified Building label for
three buildings.
And for the 17th consecutive year, our Puerto Rico facility was awarded the ENERGY
STAR Pharma Energy Performance Indicator (EPI) for superior energy efficiency and
environmental performance among U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturing plants.