Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 102
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to Summaries of terminated trials provide allow us to seek regulatory approvals globally Marketing and labeling
information about patient disposition, safety and thereby offer our medicines to patients who
and adverse experiences, as well as explain why need them around the world. Our Chief Medical Officer (CMO) is responsible
customer health
the trial was terminated early. We comply with for defining the benefit/risk profile of every
When appropriate, a data monitoring
all applicable laws and regulations associated pipeline and marketed product. The CMO
committee (DMC) reviews unblinded data from
and safety with registering clinical trials publicly and also provides medical oversight for all clinical
ongoing trials in a pre-specified, scientifically
subsequently posting their results. We also programs, supervises development and
acceptable manner. The DMC’s goals are to
have processes for complying with the FDA implementation of medical policies (including
protect the trial participants’ safety and to
Amendments Act of 2007, the European Union those related to data transparency and
Our quality strategy sustains quality and
assess whether the risk/benefit profile is
Clinical Trials Regulation No 536/2014 (EU- sharing clinical data), and has authority over
compliance excellence through focused digital
favorable. The DMC’s recommendations are
CTR), and Clinical Trials Regulation (Regulation the design, execution and implementation
technologies, effective oversight and risk
communicated internally to relevant scientists
EU NO 536/2014), including those related to of expanded access (“compassionate or early
mitigation, engaged and empowered colleagues
and can be distributed externally to clinical
clinical trial registration and posting results. use”) programs. The CMO is also our principal
and communities, and a mature quality
investigators, review boards or regulatory
medical spokesperson.
management posture. Our strategy is key to
A clinical trial registry also provides information agencies, as appropriate.
ensuring patient safety as well as the quality
on in-progress trials, and the ability to track
and continuous supply of our products.
the trials over the course of development. + For more information on our approach to
Company-sponsored and -conducted clinical representation in clinical trials, please see
Patient health
trials involving patients assigned to treatment page 25 in the Access to Health section of this
with investigational and marketed products are report. For more information on clinical trials
and safety registered at trial initiation on ClinicalTrials. in general, please visit the Clinical Trials page
gov, EUclinicaltrials.eu and ENCePP.eu. on our corporate website.
In accordance with our public policy position
statement on clinical trial ethics, all
Clinical trial site
investigational studies in human subjects
GCP/pharmacovigilance (PV) inspections 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
monitoring, design, are conducted in a manner consistent with
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines
conduct and oversight PV inspections by regulatory agencies of the Company
for the protection of human subjects,
or clinical trial investigators that led to significant fines, 0 0 0 0 0
including those issued by the International penalties, warning letters or product seizures¹
We are committed to sharing the results of
Council for Harmonisation: Good Clinical
our clinical trials, regardless of their outcome,
Practice (ICH-GCP). GCP inspections by regulatory agencies of the Company
in a timely manner. If a clinical trial of a
or clinical trial investigators that led to significant fines, 0 0 0 0 0
product is terminated early for safety reasons, Individual country regulations and guidelines penalties, warning letters or product seizures²
we promptly disclose medically important remain the primary determinant of specific
information to regulatory authorities and the requirements for conducting medical research. ¹ There were 8 PV inspections of the Company conducted in 2024.
public, update the status on www.clinicaltrials. In all regions, we have a commitment, where ² There were 7 GCP Inspections of the Company conducted in 2024.
gov within 30 days, and submit a manuscript to appropriate, to reflect the broad populations of
a journal (or post a summary online) within 12 people who will use our products. As a result, + Please visit the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) MedWatch website for more information on
months after the last patient’s last visit occurs. we work to obtain information that ensures a product safety alerts. You may visit the FDA’s Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) website for
If the trial was terminated for efficacy reasons, thorough evaluation of the safety and efficacy up-to-date information on fatalities associated with product use.
the results will be disclosed within 12 months of our medicines and vaccines. These efforts
after the last patient’s last visit occurs.