Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 78
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to water use
Our Water Management Standard requires our In our Business Partner Code of Conduct, also support the SDG 15 goals, which “protect, Approximately 25 Company employees
facilities to comply with applicable water-related we request that suppliers conserve natural restore and promote sustainable use of participated in the planting event as a part of our
regulatory requirements and to minimize water- resources and engage in activities aimed at terrestrial ecosystems.” greater ongoing effort to maintain and improve
discharge-related impacts. In addition, our reducing water usage. We also ask that they the environment near Company facilities and
In 2024, along with One Tree Planted and
standard requires our facilities to identify water- have systems in place to quantify the amount drive employee engagement with sustainability.
Groundworks Elizabeth, we supported
reduction opportunities and to assess water of water used. The partnering organizations will maintain the
the planting of a microforest consisting of
risk in the watersheds where we operate. forest for a period of three years and work with
+ For more information on supplier engagement approximately 200 native trees in a park
the City and other partners on a long-term
Each site is responsible for managing its water on water-related topics, see page 77. less than a quarter mile from the Company’s
maintenance plan.
approach. The Environmental Compliance Rahway, N.J., global headquarters.
Center of Excellence (CoE) and Environmental As we develop our strategic approach to
A MicroForest is an innovative way of planting
Sustainability CoE review environmental data nature and biodiversity, we will continue to
trees to increase carbon sequestration,
to monitor sites’ progress. Above-site teams evaluate our water risks, opportunities, impacts
To help direct and track projects mitigate stormwater and enhance biodiversity
from across the Company support sites’ work and dependencies.
in support of our targets, we have and air quality. MicroForests are an oasis for
toward our goals.
developed a Water Conservation biodiversity, heal the environment and help + For more information on this approach and
Over the past few years, we have reported Playbook for our global sites. This connect the local community to nature. This additional habitat-restoration partnerships,
performance against our 2025 water goal consistent approach guides projects project used the Miyawaki method, densely please see the Biodiversity section (page 80).
and are on track to achieve it. Our sites across our global sites and fosters planting native species of trees that work
employ various technologies and techniques continuous improvement. together to create a diverse, multi-layered
Water as a shared resource
to reduce our water footprint and improve forest community. This creates a resilient
operational performance. and thriving ecosystem.
We assess water risk throughout our site
Our water-use reduction initiatives include: network as a standard business practice.
Stewardship
• Consideration of water use in process design Our process is:
• Cooling system optimization We have endorsed the UN CEO Water • We use the World Resource Institute’s (WRI)
• Prompt repairs and maintenance of steam Mandate, a public commitment to implement Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool as a first step.
distribution systems and traps a comprehensive approach to water The tool maps water risk, and each year we
management. We have aligned our program use the “Baseline Water Stress” indicator to
• Recovery and reuse of steam condensate
with its principles. Those who endorse the categorize our sites. The indicator is the ratio
and “reject water” (for non-potable and non-
CEO Water Mandate have a responsibility to of total annual water withdrawals to total
process applications such as cooling tower
prioritize water resource management and to annual renewable supply, and accounts for
feed water)
work with governments, UN agencies, non- upstream consumptive use. Higher stress
• Process water purification governmental organizations (NGOs), local values indicate more competition among
system optimization communities and others to address global water users.
• Avoiding the use of water in mechanical water challenges. We continue to identify
seals, such as those in pumps partnerships that will help us advance our
water stewardship priorities. These projects