Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 115
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to human rights
We embed respect for human rights in our supply chain workers and local communities. Remedy Employee training on
policies, conducting risk assessments and due The human rights impact assessment for the
human rights
diligence, engaging with suppliers, providing same scope was refreshed in 2024 using the To protect against human rights abuses, we
training, maintaining grievance mechanisms same methodology. In addition, we reviewed maintain a grievance mechanism that allows
We embed business-related human rights
and encouraging the reporting of concerns. and updated our Human Rights Public Policy employees and others to report concerns in a
issues within our Enterprise Management
Through these measures, we identify, address in 2024 to ensure it remains effective in confidential manner, without fear of retaliation.
Training (EMT) program to help maintain
and mitigate human rights-related risks addressing human rights issues. We provide multiple channels for reporting,
employee awareness and understanding of
throughout our operations and supply chain. including our Speak Up tool at MSDethics.com.
our expectations. Examples of human rights-
Our Human Rights Public Policy expresses We expect our suppliers and other business related topics that our EMT program covers
our commitment to respect and promote partners to encourage all workers to report in 2024 include: privacy and data protection;
internationally recognized human rights concerns or suspected illegal activities without harassment and discrimination; fairness
standards. It also explains our approach to threat of reprisal, intimidation or harassment, and inclusion; our Code of Conduct; and
identifying, preventing and mitigating adverse and to investigate and take corrective action training that explains how to report concerns,
human rights impacts related to our operations if needed. In addition, we expect our suppliers emphasizing the importance of speaking up.
and supply chain. We strive to avoid causing or to provide workers with information on how to
contributing to adverse human rights impacts confidentially report concerns. Investment agreements
through our activities and seek to prevent
In addition, we maintain a process to receive, and contracts
or mitigate adverse impacts linked to our
investigate and address concerns related to
operations and products.
our employees, suppliers or local communities GSMG manages contract development and
We reflect our commitment to respect human regarding any potential human rights abuses. execution activities related to the selection
rights in our Code of Conduct, our Business and sourcing of suppliers of goods and
+ For more information on mechanisms for
Partner Code of Conduct and in relevant services. Through our standard contracts and
raising concerns, please see page 98.
corporate policies. In addition, we integrate our agreements, we seek a written commitment
commitment into our Strategic Framework, from suppliers to respect and abide by the
which encompasses our key priorities, Governance principles in our Business Partner Code of
guiding principles, core values and annual Conduct (BPCC). Our BPCC states suppliers
enterprise initiatives. Leaders across the organization support our and business partners are expected to uphold
oversight and monitoring of business-related the human rights of workers, to treat workers
In 2023, we partnered with external human
human rights risks, including HR, Global with dignity, to respect the protection of
rights experts and conducted an enterprise-
Safety & Environment, the Global Supplier internationally proclaimed human rights
wide human rights assessment to identify
Management Group (GSMG), the Ethics & and to ensure they are not complicit in
human rights risks and impacts within our
Compliance Office, the Global Privacy Office, human rights abuses.
operations and supply chain. This involved
Enterprise Risk Management, the Office of
mapping potential risks and impacts on + For more information on our social
Social Impact and Sustainability, and the
various stakeholders, including employees, assessments for suppliers, please see
Strategic Policy and Sustainability Council
pages 110-111.
(SPSC), a governing body for sustainability.