Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 110
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier social assessment
Our supplier Labor and Human rights (LHR) Human rights We detect and address risks in our supply We use a self-assessment questionnaire
audit program examines various topics chain through: to gather information on freely chosen
and labor risks
related to a supplier’s social practices. employment, child labor, employment practices,
These audits assess a supplier’s compliance Supplier selection employee disclosures, fair treatment, wages,
We understand that companies with supply
with internationally recognized human rights benefits and working hours. We use suppliers’
and labor standards. We are committed chains that extend into high-risk countries Selecting suppliers that are socially responsible responses to judge whether that supplier has
to upholding the PSCI Principles and we potentially face greater LHR risks. Our supply and that share our commitments to ethics and programs or procedures to address potential
require our suppliers to operate in compliance chain can expose us to these risks, as some integrity—We strive to obtain services, goods, risks for LHR, including modern slavery and
with all applicable laws. GSMG oversees of our third-party suppliers and service active ingredients, components, finished goods human trafficking. We use the information
the implementation of our supplier LHR providers operate in higher-risk countries. or other products in a lawful and fair way. as part of our due diligence to determine the
We consider LHR risks as part of our third-
audit program. acceptability of suppliers’ local practices. Results
party risk management activities. We also
Expectations are applied by GSMG to inform our supplier-
recognize that potential risks may exist
selection and risk-management processes.
beyond Tier 2 suppliers. Setting and communicating our expectations of
suppliers, including those related to child labor,
Contracts
forced labor and human trafficking—We use
our Business Partner Code of Conduct, which Seeking written commitment from suppliers
is made available in multiple languages on our to respect the principles set forth in our
website, to communicate our expectations. Business Partner Code of Conduct through
our contracts/agreements—Our standard
Supply chain mapping contract templates contain a Business Partner
Code of Conduct compliance clause that includes
Mapping our supply chain to identify which of
provisions that address modern slavery.
our suppliers operate in countries known to
present a significant risk of LHR issues—We
Auditing
use this information to decide the level of due
diligence that may be necessary. Performing LHR audits at select supplier
facilities to verify their conformance with our
Due diligence expectations (as stated in our Business Partner
Code of Conduct) and working with them to
Conducting appropriate supplier due diligence
address identified nonconformances—We use
to determine the level of risk presented by
independent third-party audit firms to perform
suppliers, including potential new (prospective)
announced LHR audits at suppliers’ facilities.
suppliers and our existing suppliers—Our
When preparing our audit schedule, we consider
supplier due diligence process for LHR targets
the industry risk, the category of materials
direct materials suppliers, including external
supplied, the country in which the supplier
manufacturing suppliers and indirect suppliers
operates and results of past due diligence.
providing services that pose a higher LHR risk.