Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 24
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
from the Gates Foundation as part of the
TB Drug Accelerator (TBDA), a collaboration
among biopharmaceutical companies, research New formulations Our early commitment
organizations and universities to accelerate to global supply and access
new TB therapies. The licensing agreement Innovation goes beyond new treatments and can often be key to expanding access.
in RSV
with Gates MRI is an example of collaboration For example, the development of new formulations can broaden distribution of medicines
that can expedite drug candidates into novel and vaccines, including in resource-constrained health systems. Or, they can help treat
RSV is a contagious, widespread
combination TB regimens. Of note, one of those earlier-stage diseases where health and economic impacts may be improved.
seasonal infection. Globally, RSV is
candidates, MK-7762, is currently in Phase 1
the leading cause of hospitalization
With a focus on reducing pill burden by investigating the potential to provide long-acting
clinical trials.
for healthy infants under a year old,
options to enhance the patient experience, we strive to deliver options that increase the
and a major cause of death in LMICs.
When it comes to HIV, while the world has made ease of administering treatments, too. For example, in HIV, we are researching long-
RSV can lead to serious respiratory
tremendous progress, according to the 2024 acting medications designed to reduce the frequency of administration, which may benefit
conditions like bronchiolitis and
Global AIDS Update from UNAIDS, an estimated patients and resource-constrained health systems. We’re also investigating a potential
pneumonia. In June 2025, the
39.9 million people were living with HIV and subcutaneous administration of pembrolizumab with berahyaluronidase-alfa, which has
FDA approved our long-acting
1.3 million people acquired HIV in 2023. the potential to improve the patient experience as well as increase access for patients
monoclonal antibody ENFLONSIA
and health care providers compared to intravenous administration.
For more than 35 years, we have engaged for the prevention of RSV lower
in R&D efforts that have led to significant In addition, we are collaborating on a potential new treatment option for malaria, an respiratory disease in newborns
discoveries and transformed outcomes for infection that disproportionately affects the WHO African Region with about 94% of all and infants who are born during
people living with HIV. We continue to invest malaria cases globally and 95% of deaths. Sadly, the WHO notes that in 2023, children or entering their first RSV season.
in the discovery and development of innovative under 5 made up 76% of malaria deaths in the region. Importantly, there is also an alarming
Since our discovery of clesrovimab,
HIV treatment and prevention options that rise in resistance to existing malaria treatments. Our new antimalarial drug candidate,
our goal has been to facilitate
support global efforts to reduce the incidence MK-7602, discovered through our longstanding collaboration with the Walter and Eliza
global access to this intervention,
and burden of the virus. Our broad HIV pipeline Hall Institute and with funding from the Wellcome Trust, completed Phase 1a studies and
especially since an estimated 95% of
includes a Phase 3 development program with is being assessed in a human challenge study in Australia.
RSV infections and more than 97%
a novel antiviral, islatravir, in a new once-daily,
of RSV-related deaths globally occur
two-drug regimen with doravirine. As part of an
in resource-limited countries. We are
agreement with Gilead Sciences, we also have
diligently developing our regulatory
an additional Phase 3 program evaluating an
and access strategies, as well as our
investigational, once-weekly oral combination
supply chain, to be fit-for-purpose
treatment consisting of our antiviral islatravir
for LMICs by using diversified
and Gilead’s lenacapavir. If approved, it would
internal investments and external
be the first long-acting oral combination option
partnerships. We are working
for the treatment of adults with virologically
with urgency to submit licensure
suppressed HIV infection. Finally, we are
applications to address unmet
studying MK-8527, a potential once-monthly
needs for RSV prevention globally.
oral option to prevent new HIV infections.