Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 42
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Advancing Investing Reaching more patients globally
health online for impact
We are driven to create global impact and challenges impact whether individuals can
reach more patients, including by changing receive timely care.
In June 2021, Merck and Meta launched the Impact investing is one of our core approaches the way we do business. In 2024, we
For patients outside the U.S., these dedicated
Advancing Health Online initiative (AHO), to strengthen health systems by advancing established dedicated teams to expand access
teams aim to significantly increase the number
a fiscally sponsored project of Global Impact sustainable global health solutions. Through and strengthen health systems. In addition,
of people in LMICs that benefit from our
aimed at advancing public understanding of how our Impact Venture Fund, we deploy financial our commitment to remove barriers to care
innovations in an economically sustainable
social media can be used to better understand resources in ways that can generate not is integrated into our operations globally.
way. Their focus is on three areas: innovative
and to increase the health and resiliency of only improved access to health care, but also
In the U.S., our overarching goal is to target financing models to bridge the global funding
communities. AHO has brought together financial returns and strategic opportunities—
areas where we can create meaningful, gap and drive sustainable change; digital and
representatives from technology, health, all while growing a sustainable global health
measurable and lasting impacts that address data solutions through new alliances that drive
global development and academia to support ecosystem and attracting additional capital
barriers to health. We have developed data- scalable, tech-enabled solutions; and innovative
social media integration as a core component and partners.
informed strategies and programs to address delivery models that create new routes
of social behavior changes for improved health
For example, we invested in Mamotest, a the most challenging barriers to care, especially to patients.
outcomes. One of AHO’s first steps was to
company based in Latin America providing AI- in communities that face systemic barriers to
establish the independent Vaccine Confidence
Within our research laboratories, a biostatistics
enabled telediagnosis for breast cancer. And in access. Some of our efforts use digital tools and
Fund to sponsor research on how social media
team also supports the Health Equity
2023, we invested in AfricInvest’s Transform resources to support timely cancer screening
and online platforms can support confidence
Research initiative. This initiative evaluates
Health Fund, focused on innovative models and early detection. We have also developed a
in and access to COVID-19 vaccines and
social determinants of health within our
to improve access, affordability, resilience tool that eases daily living challenges, offering
routine immunizations. The Fund has provided
scientific protocols, providing resources for
and the quality of health care in Africa. support for essential needs like housing, food
over 40 grants globally to researchers and
researchers to inform business decisions
security, transportation and more—also known
organizations, exploring how to use behavioral
Our Impact Venture Fund is led by our Office of and scientific platforms.
as social determinants to health. Often, these
science, social media and digital platforms
Social Impact and Sustainability with guidance
to build confidence in and access to vaccines.
from our internal Impact Investing Committee.
Established in 2019, the Impact Investing
In 2024, Global Impact—on behalf of AHO and
Committee is a cross-functional team of
Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance—joined forces to
senior leaders who review and approve new
launch VaxSocial, an initiative that supports
investments in line with established policies
country-driven projects and uses social media
and guidelines. The Committee also monitors
to increase vaccine confidence and awareness,
the financial and social returns of our impact
given the increasing role of social media
portfolio. In addition, we are members of
platforms as a conduit for health information.
several external networks where we contribute
VaxSocial will generate evidence and share
to and benefit from the growing body of
insights with the global health community.
expertise in impact investing.
+ Learn more about our Impact Venture Fund
on our corporate site.