Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 89
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
at product launch, with the goal of minimizing American Chemical
material use and waste from our commercial
Society’s (ACS) Green
manufacturing. We use an innovative “green-
by-design” development strategy to progress Chemistry Institute
from an initial early clinical supply route to a
fully optimized and sustainable commercial
We are a founding member of the ACS Green
manufacturing process. Chemistry Institute® (GCI) Pharmaceutical
Roundtable, a partnership between the ACS
Programs and initiatives GCI and member pharmaceutical companies.
The Roundtable drives education and research
As part of our Green & Sustainable Science on new ways to apply green and sustainable
program, we calculate the process mass science to pharmaceutical discovery and
intensity (PMI) of our small molecule human manufacturing. This is accomplished
health products. PMI represents the number through the development of industry-wide
of kilograms of raw materials (including water) sustainability metrics, tools and technologies.
used to produce one kilogram of an API and
indicates the efficiency by which we convert Awards and recognition
raw materials into final products. We use
in green chemistry
this metric internally to compare different
manufacturing methods, to identify process
improvement opportunities and to track our Since the establishment of the Green
progress. We have developed a PMI tool that Chemistry Challenge Awards sponsored by the
provides ambitious, molecule-aware PMI Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and
targets for our API manufacturing processes. the ACS in 1996, we are proud to have been
We routinely evaluate PMI at every stage recognized with 10 Green Chemistry Challenge
to drive the development of our new small Awards for innovative process improvements,
molecule processes to achieve our aspirational seven since 2017. We have also been honored
goals for green and sustainable processes. For by ACS as the winner of the Peter J. Dunn
our large-molecule processes, we are pioneering Award for Green Chemistry & Engineering
new modality-appropriate metrics that Impact in the Pharmaceutical Industry for
outperform PMI in their ability to recommend three of the past five years.
ways of reducing the environmental impact of
+ Learn more about the Green Chemistry
biologic and vaccine manufacturing. We are
Awards and how we are safeguarding the
also using streamlined lifecycle analysis tools to
environment through green chemistry
further evaluate the environmental impacts of
on our corporate website.
our processes.