Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 87
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Programs and initiatives
Our chemists and engineers are trained in green Packaging also helps ensure our products are
design principles and provided with tools and used safely, conveniently and with adherence.
resources to help them develop manufacturing Prescribing and educational information Animal Health packaging
processes that use safer chemicals and reduced is conveyed at the point of purchase, and
quantities of raw materials. We use innovations packaging can include child-resistant A project initiated by our Animal Health business is an example of our commitment to
like nanotechnology to make our products more access, tamper-evident features and anti- environmental sustainability. The project, conducted in Germany and Austria, replaced
effective, while ensuring patient safety always counterfeiting features. single-use cardboard boxes with durable, reusable boxes for shipping pharmaceutical
remains of utmost importance. products to customers in those countries.
In addition to these critical packaging functions,
Complying with chemical substance and product we recognize the environmental impact of When compared to single-use corrugated boxes, the reusable boxes reduced the waste
requirements is a top priority for us. We track our packaging. After it has served its critical associated with single-use packaging materials and contributed to a more sustainable
numerous existing and emerging chemical functions, packaging becomes a patient or supply chain. Looking ahead, we are exploring the potential to expand this project to other
control regulations that require us to register caregiver’s waste and must be accounted for. countries and regions. By sharing our successful experience and promoting the adoption of
specific types of chemicals with the proper reusable packaging solutions, we aim to further enhance sustainability practices within the
We are actively re-imagining our approach
authorities. To meet these requirements, our animal health and human health industries.
to reducing the environmental impact of our
scientists complete environmental and human
packaging. We have developed an iterative,
health risk assessments of the substances
long-term roadmap that is integrated into
we work with before submitting the required
our business processes. This roadmap drives
regulatory notifications. Additionally, we
projects aimed at reducing the environmental
provide details on product use and risk- We use a simplified lifecycle analysis tool as a Packaging governance
impact of our packaging.
based control measures in accordance standard business practice so we can analyze
with applicable regulations. A foundational part of our path forward impact in the timeframe needed for packaging Our Global Pharmaceutical Commercialization
includes evolving how we measure and maintain development. We review all new human health and Global Pharmaceutical Operations areas
Packaging packaging data to enable transparent, data- packaging designs during the development manage environmental packaging with
driven decision-making. This includes: process to understand and minimize their oversight from our Environmental Health
Our product stewardship program extends to environmental impacts as much as possible, and Safety Council.
• Reducing packaging material mass
our customers and patients through the design while still providing appropriate protection
of effective, low-impact product packaging. • Minimizing or eliminating materials for our products.
of concern
These packaging materials serve a range of We continue to monitor global trends, respond
• Researching new materials
important purposes; the foremost is to protect to customer inquiries around packaging and
the purity, efficacy and physical integrity of the • Introducing more recycled content into packaging materials, and incorporate circular
products that reach patients. our packaging economic concepts into the critical functions
• Increasing the recyclability of our of packaging for pharmaceuticals.
packaging systems