Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 35
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Public policies that improve access and affordability
Public policies, including laws and regulations, policy brief and the Roadmap to Sustainable
directly and indirectly affect access and Finance in Health. We also collaborated with
affordability. We are committed to promoting the G20 and G7 Health and Development
sound policies that drive the sustainability Partnership to advocate for cancer prevention
of health care systems. We collaborate with and immunization commitments across G7 and
governments, industry associations, trade G20 member governments at the Health20
and economic forums, think tanks, academia, Summit, and worked together on a roundtable
advocacy organizations and multilateral event at the United Nations General Assembly
organizations. Together, we analyze the impact to accelerate progress on the WHO’s call to
of current and proposed policies, formulate action on cervical cancer elimination.
new proposals, disseminate best practices and
At the regional level, we promoted proven
promote evidence-based policy solutions at the
and innovative mechanisms for sustainable
global, regional and local levels.
immunization financing in APEC economies
We use global and regional platforms, such as as outlined under the Action Plan on
the G7, the G20 and the Asia-Pacific Economic Vaccination Across the Life-Course. We
Cooperation (APEC), to advocate for sustainable supported the APEC Health Working Group’s
financing for health care and underscore that Recommendations for Collaboration on Cancer
investment in health is critical for social and Control, which includes examining the nature
economic development. Additionally, we and adequacy of public funding for national
work at national and local levels to translate cancer control plans, with a view to maximize
commitments, best practices and new ideas government funds and identify innovative and
into robust policies that improve funding for alternative funding models. This initiative has
health and, ultimately, access and affordability. helped further discussions with policymakers
within the APEC economies. we supported a master course on Financing for To achieve sustainable access, health care
Examples of our work at the global level
Universal Health Coverage in the Context of resources must be used in a more efficient
include advocacy for the G20 to prioritize We also work with organizations to strengthen
Cancer Control aimed at upskilling civil society way. This transformation can only be achieved
investment in non-communicable diseases and the infrastructure needed to improve access
organizations, including representatives of by learning and progressing together with
to promote sustainable and diversified sources to and funding for cancer prevention and care.
cancer societies and patient groups, and those cross-industry partners. We are contributing
of funding and financing. We put forward For example, we are members of the Access
engaged in cancer policy work and research. to the Global Innovation Hub Expert Review
policy recommendations for G20 working to Oncology Medicines (ATOM) Coalition,
Committee as an advisor to the group. Through
groups and task forces through multiple a global initiative with over 40 partners We also support research on strengthening the
our efforts to assist and learn from health care
channels. These include the Think20 event, across the private and civil society sectors, economic case for investing in immunization.
systems that have embraced value-based care,
the Health20 Summit and collaborations to reduce cancer-related suffering and deaths For example, we collaborated with the Global
we aim to inspire and encourage other systems
with advocacy organizations such as the NCD by addressing barriers to affordability, as well Coalition on Aging (GCOA) to develop a report
to adopt and implement strategies and models
Alliance and the G20 and G7 Health and as appropriate use of oncology medicines on The Role of Healthy Aging and Adult
that prioritize health care value.
Development Partnership. Examples of our in LMICs. In partnership with the Union of Immunization in Achieving Fiscal Sustainability
recommendations can be found in this T20 International Cancer Control and ThinkWell, and Economic Growth across the APEC region.