Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 58
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to diversity and inclusion
Holistic and comprehensive, our Global Governance and The Global Disability Inclusion success across three areas of focus: business
Diversity & Inclusion (GD&I) strategy insights and integration, talent acquisition
Strategy Council
commitments
includes our employees, customers, patients and development, and community outreach
and stakeholders around the world. This Comprised of representatives from across and social responsibility.
Our CEO reinforces our commitment to
strategy, a core component of our enterprise- the business, this council works to create
inclusion as a strategic business imperative by:
wide plan, drives long-term, sustainable and support a disability-inclusive culture by Global Diversity & Inclusion
business performance, as well as innovation, • Approving intentional efforts to ensure offering guidance on topics including universal
Business Consortium
collaboration and agility among our employees. equality of opportunity for all design, reasonable accommodation, digital
We have five GD&I ambassador teams that accessibility and communication. It recognizes GD&I Business Consortium members are
• Conferring with our chief HR officer and chief
drive the implementation of our strategy that full inclusion of people with disabilities business leaders from throughout the
diversity and inclusion officer on innovation
through all levels of the organization. increases creativity, innovation and productivity enterprise. The consortium improves our
opportunities and business solutions
for employees, customers, external partners business performance by integrating diversity
Our GD&I strategy focuses on the following
The Policies of our Board of Directors reflect and suppliers. and inclusion (D&I) principles and strategies
four areas:
the value of different perspectives, experiences into our business processes and objectives.
• Our People: We value a workforce with varied and backgrounds in driving inclusion, enhancing The Global Diversity and Inclusion This creates a competitive business advantage
backgrounds, perspectives and experiences deliberations and contributing to the Board’s that drives greater shareholder value and
Extended Human Resources
effectiveness in representing the long-term enhances our ability to deliver on our purpose.
• Our Culture: We ensure accountability to
Leadership Team
interests of our Company and shareholders. Selected from key business functions,
drive an inclusive culture
consortium members develop holistic and
This team of HR colleagues from across the
• Our Business: We leverage inclusion to
GD&I ambassador teams enterprise supports the global organization inclusive approaches to eliminate barriers
ensure business value
that patients and customers encounter in
by facilitating the successful adoption and
• Our World: We transform the environment, Our GD&I Center of Excellence (GD&I CoE) integration of fairness and inclusion into our their pursuit of optimal health outcomes.
culture and business landscape provides comprehensive guidance and support practices, programs, policies and systems.
to five GD&I ambassador teams. These A key outcome is to enable a fair and inclusive Diversity and Inclusion Divisional/
ambassador teams meet regularly to share culture—one that attracts, engages, develops, Regional Council Steering Committee
challenges and best practices, to provide the motivates and retains talent globally.
Chief Diversity & Inclusion Officer with updates Chairpersons of the senior-level divisional and
on priorities, and to align with our GD&I regional D&I Councils make up this committee,
Employee Business Resource Group
strategy. These ambassador teams represent and the divisional and regional D&I councils
Executive Leadership Council
the work of the many councils, Employee develop strategies and initiatives across
Business Resource Group (EBRG) chapters, The EBRG Executive Leadership Council is our four GD&I strategy pillars of people,
communities of practice and other groups comprised of the global leaders of each of our culture, business and world. The steering
throughout the Company who foster a culture 10 EBRGs. This council works closely with the committee meets several times a year to
of inclusion and belonging for all employees and GD&I CoE and other cross-functional teams share best practices, collaborate on initiatives
advance health access for all the patients and to ensure the EBRGs have the resources, and receive updates from the Chief Diversity
communities we serve. guidance and expertise needed for their and Inclusion Officer.