Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 33
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Empowering employers America to support employees by promoting Our commitment to UNICEF, a member of Gavi’s Board, is the
awareness and providing cancer prevention world’s largest buyer of vaccines for low-
to advance access Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance
solutions, particularly when it comes to cervical income countries and plays a pivotal role in
cancer. By encouraging companies to go beyond (Gavi) and UNICEF to immunization programs in Gavi-supported
We recognize employers play a crucial role
cancer care to focus on cancer prevention, we countries. UNICEF’s Supply Division procures
in fostering a healthy workplace, not only in supply low- and middle-
are not only championing better conditions most Gavi-funded vaccines, ensuring
maintaining healthy physical environments,
for professionals dealing with cancer, but their distribution.
income countries
but also the promotion of health, empowerment,
also actively working to prevent it.
education and self-care among employees for For example, to increase access to GARDASIL,
We are deeply committed to expanding
their well-being. which helps prevent certain HPV-related
New community-level access to vaccines and working with UNICEF to
cancers and diseases, we offer the vaccine to
One example of this work is our commitment procure affordable vaccines for Gavi-supported
access channels countries supported by Gavi at an access price.
to driving workplace action for cancer care countries. Gavi is a global public-private
Through a long-term agreement with UNICEF,
and prevention. As a founding partner of the partnership that has made significant strides
We continuously seek to forge strategic we have committed to provide over 115 million
Working with Cancer Pledge since 2023, Merck in immunizing children and reducing child
partnerships with health care professionals doses of our HPV vaccine for use in Gavi-
is dedicated to supporting professionals as they mortality in LMICs. Gavi also provides funding
who have the potential to enhance awareness, supported countries from 2021-2025.
navigate a cancer diagnosis and to breaking the support for health systems and global stockpiles
accessibility and affordability of our products.
stigma associated with cancer in the workplace. of crucial vaccines for Ebola, cholera, meningitis In addition, for 2021-2025, we committed
These partnerships support populations
In 2025, on World Cancer Day, we announced and yellow fever. to extend our current Gavi access price for
who traditionally have been unable to
our commitment to further enhance support GARDASIL to Gavi-transitioned countries
access innovative medicines and vaccines.
for employees by facilitating access to WHO- with a per-capita gross national income not
recommended cancer screenings. For example, we collaborate with a health exceeding $3,200. This greatly assists in
care provider who operates across nine expanding and sustaining access in middle-
Throughout 2024, we led by example and
African countries to reimagine the prevention, income countries that have transitioned out of
ensured our impact extended beyond our
screening and treatment of cervical cancer. Gavi support. We believe our pricing approach
Company. We collaborated with companies
for Gavi-supported and transitioned countries—
across Europe, the Middle East and Latin
in conjunction with our commitment to partner
with stakeholders to strengthen resilience
of immunization programs—contributes to
broader access to our vaccines worldwide.
ERVEBO® is the world’s first U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA)-approved, WHO-
prequalified vaccine for the prevention of Zaire
We are a sponsor of Investing in Innovation (i3), a pan-African initiative to support the Ebolavirus disease. Through our agreement
commercialization and impact of 60 promising early- and growth-stage African health
with UNICEF, we have built an estimated
innovator companies. A global network of industry players, donors and international
500,000-dose ERVEBO stockpile, and we
organizations sponsors the initiative to support high-potential startups who aspire to
continue delivering licensed doses to maintain
transform the accessibility, affordability, quality and visibility of health products at scale
it. As of March 2025, the vaccine is approved
across Africa. i3 seeks to advance market access for startups traditionally excluded
in 11 African countries.
from funding and support.