Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 120
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Our approach to government relations
We make bipartisan contributions that we In addition, we made contributions in the
carefully consider on a case-by-case basis. U.S. through our Political Action Committee
In establishing our political giving priorities, (PAC) to support state and federal candidates.
our Political Contributions Committee considers These contributions are fully funded by
various factors to prioritize candidates who voluntary employee contributions. In 2024,
support policies that enhance innovation and our PAC spent a total of $904,090. These
patient access to health care. While we provide contributions included financial support
contributions to candidates who support for the campaigns of 466 candidates in 41
innovation and access, we recognize that we states. The breakdown by party affiliation
do not agree with every position that recipients was approximately 36% Democrat and 64%
take on every social and business issue. Republican. This program also provided
support to state and federal legislative
Political contributions leadership committees.
Our representatives involved in state and
We spent a total of $1,152,100 in U.S. corporate
federal government relations activities made
political contributions at the state level in
the recommendations for specific corporate
2024. A large portion of these funds was used
political and PAC contributions based on the
to support the campaigns of 513 candidates
budget and priorities approved by the Political
in 29 states. The party breakdown of the
Contributions Committee.
contributions for individual candidates was
approximately 43% Democratic and 57% In 2024, we also provided corporate
Republican. Republicans held a majority in contributions to candidates or political parties
50 chambers, Democrats held the majority in Australia and Japan. These contributions
in 33 chambers, and in two chambers, power were consistent with the electoral funding and
was divided equally between the parties. disclosure laws of their respective countries.
Under our corporate political contributions + Information on our political contributions
program, we also provided support to is on the Transparency Disclosures page
state legislative leadership committees, of our corporate website.
industry-affiliated PACs and several national
organizations representing state elected
officials. Examples of these groups include
the Republican Governors Association and
the Democratic Governors Association.