Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 59
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Cultivating an inclusive Employee Business Resource Groups Allyship The Time Harmony Initiative, developed by
our Allyship Working Group and the Asia Pacific
workplace An EmWpelo vyaeleu eB uthsein ceosns tRriebsuotuiorcnes Gouroru p (EBRG) At our Company, we define an ally as someone Association EBRG, is an excellent example
is a gr1o0u EpB oRf Gems mploakyee etso wouitrh i nac cluomsivme on interest who acts in support of others to uphold of allyship at our Company. This initiative
An inclusive culture is fueled by behaviors and who sceurlvteu raes aannd e oduurc abtuiosinnaels asn pdr icourlittuiersa.l a culture of inclusion. Allies offer support looks to create a meaningful and impactful
outcomes that demonstrate a commitment resouOrcuer f EoBr eRmG pmloeymeebse arsnhdi pb uiss oinpeesns tuon aitlls even when they do not belong to the group conversation within the organization to:
to respect, values and trust for all people, withine mthpel oCyoemesp.a Inny 2. 0E2B4R,G wse a dlseov seelorvpee da s directly affected by the non-inclusive behavior. raise awareness, implement cultural changes
regardless of their perspectives, background ambapssraodceosrsse esx atenrdn satllryu icnt uwraeyss t toh sautp epnohratn ce Everyone, regardless of job title or level of and introduce real-life practices to address
or experiences. In 2024, we prioritized the Cothmep garnoyw’st rhe opfu otautri oEnB aRnGds ,p arensde wncee in responsibility, can be an ally. In support of a the challenges of working across time zones
psychological safety and allyship to advance a the coemndmeudn 2it0ie2s4 w whitehr e3 w00e EseBeRkG t aclheanptt aenrds culture of inclusion for all, we have an Allyship and finding work-life balance with nighttime
more inclusive workplace culture. Psychological pursuaen bdu msinoeres st hoapnp o2r5t,u0n0i0ti eEsB. REGm bodying our Learning Journey that includes self-directed calls and global collaborations. Several of
safety enables employees to engage openly, commmitemmebnet rtso a drioffuenrde ntth eco wnosrtlidtu. encies and resources and a virtual simulation that can our EBRGs also have allyship activities or
facilitating innovation and collaboration. to enhancing communication and belonging, help employees practice their skills and gain initiatives to bring employees together to
Allyship cultivates support and solidarity among EBRG + s s F tr o e r n m g o th re e n in t fo h r e m g a lo ti b o a n l , l p ea le d a e s r e s hip pipeline understanding of colleagues who may have share cultural understanding and practical
groups and individuals. A strong foundation for while pro v v is id it i n th g e c E u m ltu p r lo al y ly e e r e B le u v s a in n e t s i s n sights and different lived experiences and backgrounds. skills, and to enhance their communication
inclusion ultimately leads to a more engaged Resource Groups page on our
sensitivities that help drive our success. and collaboration skills.
workforce and a deeper sense of belonging, corporate website.
which are crucial for fostering high-performing
teams and creating positive business outcomes.
Our employee Pulse Survey is an opportunity
for employees to provide candid feedback on
topics such as engagement, work practices,
inclusion and our mission. Informed by these
regular surveys, we integrate employee input
into our decision-making processes across the
organization. In 2024, 80% of respondents felt
a sense of belonging. We remain committed to
maintaining or exceeding our current employee
engagement and inclusion indexes through
2025. The indexes are calculated based on
responses to questions related to employees’
sense of belonging, engagement and perception
of inclusive leadership within the organization.