Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 10
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Our approach to sustainability
We are focused on integrating sustainability Our sustainability efforts aim to position us To achieve success, it is essential to engage awarded to most employees of the Company,
throughout our operations to deliver value as a partner of choice within the global health proactively and meaningfully with stakeholders. including the Company's executive officers.
for our business and shareholders and ecosystem to drive environmental and social This engagement is crucial for building lasting In 2024, sustainability metrics comprised
to create opportunities to better serve change, build stakeholder trust, improve our relationships and nurturing collaborative 10% of the Scorecard, thereby connecting the
patients, customers, employees and society. long-term business performance, increase partnerships. It ensures that our strategies compensation of most employees, including
investment flow and to cultivate an inclusive are informed, relevant and aligned with both executives, to our performance in certain areas
The key focus areas of our sustainability
culture where best-in-class talent choose to societal needs and our business objectives. of access to health care, employee engagement
strategy are:
work. This approach also manages risks across and inclusion. We successfully met our annual
We foster accountability for sustainability
• Access to Health—In collaboration with our supply chain and business operations, sustainability metrics in 2024.
through various initiatives, one of which
global health stakeholders, our social increases patient and investor confidence,
is our Company Scorecard. This Scorecard + For more information about our Company
investments aim to advance access to brings in new opportunities with customers
determines the annual cash incentives Scorecard, please see page 53 of our
quality health systems, and we seek to and peers and builds stronger communities.
2025 proxy statement.
ensure that our products are accessible
and affordable worldwide.
• Employees—We recognize that our ability
to excel depends on the integrity, knowledge,
imagination, skill, diversity of thought,
perspectives and experiences, and well-being
of our employees.
• Environmental Sustainability—We strive to
operate our business sustainably, considering
the impact on both the health of our planet
and its inhabitants, while also providing
opportunities for product innovation and
reduction in costs and risks. We have a long
history of environmental stewardship and
compliance, and we continuously evolve
our strategy and efforts in the face of a
changing climate.
• Ethics & Values—Our ethics and values
are at the center of everything we do.
Through our unwavering commitment to
transparency, we are committed to earning
the trust and confidence of our stakeholders.