Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 107
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier management
Policies
Business Partner Code of Conduct
Supplier performance expectations
We are committed to the highest ethical standards to help maximize the long-
Supply chain security
term sustainability of our business and of the communities in which we operate.
We strive to conduct business with third parties that share our commitment to Conflict minerals policy
high ethical standards and operate in a responsible and ethical manner. Here,
Counterfeiting of medical products
we use the term “third party” broadly to include any individual or entity that
Human rights
provides goods or services in support of our sourcing initiatives.
+ For information on our policies, please visit our Policies & Positions and Sustainability
We have business relationships with thousands of suppliers, including direct Resources pages on our corporate website.
suppliers (such as external manufacturing providers), capital expenditure
suppliers, indirect suppliers and research providers. Our direct suppliers
We expect all third parties we engage with to comply with all applicable regulations, as well as
provide us with goods, such as packaging, components and ingredients.
share in our commitment to the principles outlined in our Business Partner Code of Conduct.
Capital expenditure suppliers provide goods and services such as engineering
External charters, principles and initiatives that we endorse or guide our work on this topic:
and construction. Our indirect suppliers include those that provide services,
• United Nations (UN) Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR)
such as logistics, travel and meetings, facility management and marketing.
• UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs)
Our research providers include those that provide lab supplies and other
• International Labour Organization (ILO) Core Conventions
R&D-related services.
• Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Guidelines (OECD)
for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
• UN Global Compact
• Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) Code on Interactions
with Health Care Professionals
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA)
Code of Practice
GRI/SASB disclosures in this section:
• European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA)
Code of Practice
GRI 2-6 GRI 203 GRI 204 GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 414-1
• Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Principles for Responsible
+ Please see the Reporting Indices section on pages 122-139 for a listing of our disclosures from our Supply Chain Management
prioritized frameworks.