Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 53
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to compensation
We believe in designing compensation • Recognition awards: INSPIRE is our global • We provide training for our people leaders In addition to these initiatives, we collaborate
programs that recognize and reward recognition program designed to sustain a and HR colleagues on our compensation with external experts and legal partners
employees for their accomplishments and culture of recognition and appreciation. We policies, ensuring we base compensation to conduct an annual study in the U.S. and
the value they bring to the Company. We take empower our employees to recognize each decisions on relevant job-related criteria internationally to ensure our employees are paid
pride in offering compensation packages that other for the work they do and how they do rather than personal characteristics fairly. In 2024, our global study encompassed
align with industry standards—ensuring they it through messages of appreciation, as well approximately 70,000 employees.
• We equip our leaders with essential
are fair and transparent—while also reflecting as points-based awards and cash rewards.
resources and actively engage with
Our focus on fair pay furthers our goal of being
our dedication to investing in our people Recognition is a core element of our culture.
employees worldwide, encouraging ongoing
the employer of choice for individuals of all
and fostering their growth. In 2024, we celebrated over 95% of our
conversations between managers and
backgrounds, and it supports our efforts to
employees through the INSPIRE program.
employees about pay-related questions
attract and retain the best talent. These are
We offer competitive pay and concerns
clear business imperatives for our Company
We are committed to
and reward programs • We maintain a council that is responsible for and we are committed to upholding them.
fair pay overseeing our fair pay initiatives, guiding
Our commitment to closely monitoring our strategies and holding us accountable
compensation trends keeps us current We are deeply committed to ensuring fair pay
with market practices. We analyze external for all employees. This commitment aligns with
compensation data worldwide every year, our core values of integrity, fairness and respect
which allows us to make rapid and informed for every individual. Fair pay is a foundational
pay decisions and ensure our compensation principle within our organization.
offerings are competitive and appropriate to
Our comprehensive approach to maintaining
the markets where we compete for talent. Our
fair pay includes the following initiatives:
employees can feel confident they are working
for a company that values their skills and • We implement clear and transparent
contributions. compensation policies to ensure all
employees are compensated fairly
In addition to a competitive base pay, we
• We determine compensation based on job-
also offer:
related factors such as the nature of the job,
• Short-term incentives: We believe in
work location and employees’ relative skills
rewarding hard work. Our performance-
and work experience
based incentive programs celebrate both
• As of 2024, we no longer request or consider
our employees’ individual achievements
previous salary when determining pay in new
and our success.
hire and internal offers across the globe. This
• Long-term incentives: With our stock-based
change ensures our compensation decisions
incentives, employees have the unique
are fair and solely focused on job-related
opportunity to share in the ownership of
factors, the qualifications of the candidate
our Company and its long-term success
and the market value of the role.