Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 73
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Energy use
We recognize the important role we play in analytical tools and best practice-sharing When appropriate, we leverage ISO principle Since 2016, 16 of our European sites have
identifying, adapting and responding to the opportunities for energy-saving projects. 50001:2018. This international standard aligned their site energy management programs
public health risks associated with climate The Environmental Compliance, Sustainability establishes rules for how organizations should to ISO 50001:2018 through certification.
change. Energy-demand reduction and and Stewardship CoE reviews environmental manage and improve their energy performance Certification means the organization is
renewable energy usage are essential to our data to monitor sites’ progress. Finally, teams via energy management systems (ENMS). managing energy in alignment with the global
climate mitigation strategy, as they positively across the Company support sites’ work toward The intent is to continually improve energy standard. In addition, an external accredited
impact our efforts to reduce our direct our goals. performance. Requirements associated with certification body carries out annual surveillance
GHG emissions. ISO 50001 that apply to both our European- audits, as well as recertification audits every
We redesigned our longstanding GENIUS
certified sites and our U.S. sites that three years, to ensure the ENMS are delivering
Our longstanding support of stronger health (Global Energy Network for Improvement in
participate in the Department of Energy (DoE) energy performance and system improvement.
systems in underserved areas is even more Usage & Supply) Program to prepare for the
50001 Ready Program will help us meet the In the U.S., seven of our sites have come
important given the evidence that certain significant increase in activity anticipated
proposed metrics. together as a cohort under the DoE 50001
disease patterns are associated with changing across our network to meet our net-zero goal.
Ready Program and are actively executing
climate conditions. GENIUS is our energy management program
on the requirements.
and supports our environmental sustainability
Programs and initiatives strategy and goals specific to energy and
climate. The redesign of the GENIUS Program
We have internal policies and practices uses two of the most recognized energy
focused on reducing energy use at our sites, management best practices, ENERGY STAR
including optimizing systems and equipment, and ISO 50001. The implementation of the
consolidating excess facility space and designing GENIUS Program’s Plan, Do, Check, Act (PDCA)
with the environment in mind. In addition, we Framework ensures our sites align their work
have launched initiatives to better understand to a structured energy-management program
and reduce our supply-chain-related impacts. and to our environmental sustainability strategy
By taking these steps, we are minimizing GHG and goals.
emissions, mitigating the business impacts
Through the redesign of the GENIUS Program,
associated with climate change and expecting
the Global Energy & Sustainability CoE
to reduce operating costs.
developed a series of supporting tools for sites,
Our manufacturing facilities, warehouses, including a program playbook, gap analysis,
laboratories, offices and vehicle fleet represent resource-requirements calculator, responsibility
the majority of our energy consumption matrix and site-specific standard operating
and are the primary targets of our energy procedure (SOP) templates for site energy
demand reduction programs. While each site is management program formalization. Our
responsible for managing its own energy use, current focus is on operationalizing the GENIUS
our Global Energy & Sustainability Center of Program across our sites and putting metrics
Excellence (CoE) supports them by providing in place to track status.