Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 109
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supplier due When assessments and audits identify Protecting the privacy of Training
deficiencies or opportunities for improvement,
diligence assessments personal information
we monitor suppliers to ensure they address We appreciate the importance of training and
our concerns in a responsible and compliant develop and assign numerous training events
We established a supplier due diligence Some of our suppliers, such as contract research
manner. As part of our monitoring, we have to employees and industry peers and suppliers.
process to evaluate and verify the suitability organizations, market research agencies,
mechanisms to report, track and monitor We assign most of our internal classes through
of suppliers. We conduct an assessment of information technology systems developers,
supplier plans to address nonconformance and our centralized learning system. In addition to
the suppliers’ financial stability, operational corporate card suppliers, and travel and
drive continued improvement. We perform providing training through our internal systems,
capabilities, legal, compliance, cyber resiliency, meeting agencies process personal information
additional reviews for external manufacturing we also work with PSCI to develop and provide
reputation and overall business practices. in connection with their services. We require
suppliers and suppliers that manage personal training to our suppliers and peers.
We then use the information gathered to these suppliers to provide appropriate privacy
and private information.
make informed decisions about supplier protections for the personal information they + Additional details regarding our
selection, mitigating potential risk and + For more information on maintaining a global handle in accordance with our privacy policies supplier-focused programs can be
ensuring compliance with our requirements. supply network, see the Availability section on and applicable privacy laws, regulations found on pages 107-113.
pages 26-30. and guidelines.
Key topics covered by supplier due
diligence include: + See more about our privacy program
on pages 116-118.
• Anti-bribery and corruption
• Conflict minerals
• Restricted-party screening
• Environmental, social and governance risks
• Financial stability
• Information security and cybersecurity
• Intellectual property
• Human rights and labor risks
• Privacy (data protection)
• Supply chain security
• Pharmacovigilance
We have a centralized third-party due diligence
process that uses a single tool across risk
domains. The central due diligence process
integrates risk intelligence data with the third-
party assessments to increase risk sensing,
improve efficiency and provide stronger
mitigation controls.