Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 84
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
potential to affect the percentage of our non- While we may not have full operational control
hazardous waste sent for recycling. Commodity over the waste generated in our value chain, we
and trade markets continue to fluctuate, but pursue various initiatives to reduce the impact
have had minimal impact on our recycling through our product and material choices.
rates historically. Some of these waste reduction initiatives
across our value chain include:
In many cases, we partner with our third-party
• Eliminating substances of concern
Integrated Facility Management (IFM) team to
from packaging
manage site waste and work toward realizing
waste goals. Since 2021, we have placed a • Solvent recovery and beneficial reuse
strategic focus on diversion improvements
• Packaging design efficiency
at sites that generate the most waste going
• Reusable shippers (in product distribution)
to landfill and incineration without energy
recovery. This approach has diverted waste + For more information on value chain waste
from landfill through material recovery, waste
reduction initiatives, refer to the Materials
reduction or recycling, and through transition
section on pages 85-89.
to other disposal methods, such as treatment.
The success of this strategic focus on site
According to our Business Partner Code
engagement has enabled greater information-
of Conduct, our partners operate in an
sharing and identified additional opportunities
environmentally responsible and efficient
across the enterprise. In 2024, four of the
manner to minimize adverse impacts on the
Company’s largest sites sending non-hazardous
environment. Partners are encouraged to
waste to landfills implemented diversion
conserve natural resources, to avoid the use
strategies to reduce the volume of waste going
of hazardous materials where possible and to
to landfill. As we develop our strategic approach
engage in activities that reuse and recycle.
to nature and biodiversity, we will continue
to evaluate our operational and consumer + For more information on our environmental
waste-related risks, opportunities, impacts management with suppliers, please see
and dependencies. page 112.
+ For environmental sustainability data
Value chain waste
and goal performance, please see the
Performance summary at the end of the
Potential waste-related impacts are also
environmental sustainability section of
associated with upstream activities, such as
this report.
external manufacturing of active ingredients,
the purchase of raw materials and goods,
and the management of returned goods.
Similarly, there are downstream impacts from
the packaging and waste generated from use
of our products.