Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 65
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Ergonomics required topics to build employee health and To achieve our occupational health objectives, • Education and training: We provide health
safety training plans. These plans comply with we focus on seven key areas: and safety education and training programs
We are dedicated to protecting our employees internal and regulatory requirements for each to ensure employees understand health
• Global employee health governance:
through a proactive ergonomic program that country and are reviewed periodically to ensure hazards and necessary precautions. We
The Chief Human Resources Officer serves
prioritizes their well-being across all work they are current. continuously invest in the professional
as the senior official advising the Executive
locations, including manufacturing, research development of our certified occupational
Team on occupational health strategies
Health and safety training materials
and offices. The program systematically health team.
and policies. Together, our chief HR officer,
are available in both instructor-led and
identifies and mitigates ergonomic risks
Senior Vice President of Compensation and • Role of management: Managers are
e-learning formats.
using the hierarchy of controls.
Benefits, and Vice President of Global Safety responsible for facilitating and ensuring their
Our global standards define health and safety and Environment collaborate on occupational employees’ access to occupational health
We promote employee involvement in
training expectations for employees: health and safety matters. They are the services and for guaranteeing adherence
ergonomic workplace assessments and
executive sponsors of the program. to occupational health policies and any
risk identification, fostering a culture of • Manager training covers specific
applicable local requirements. Managers may
safety and accountability. We identify and responsibilities with regard to health • Prevention and risk minimization:
also provide input into occupational health
implement better ergonomic workstation and safety compliance Risk reduction and illness prevention are
policy and strategies. Similarly, we expect
design to reduce the likelihood of soft tissue • Professional training expands essential for maintaining employee health.
division and business unit leaders to enable
injuries. Our Ergonomic Engineering Design technical expertise Occupational Health Services works closely
their teams to give input on such strategies,
Standard integrates ergonomic principles into with safety colleagues to identify workplace
• Employee training covers the specific policies and programs. Above all, leaders
all capital projects, featuring an Engineering hazards and evaluate potential health risks,
information they require for their jobs, ensure adequate resources to support
Design Checklist that includes a review taking proactive steps through medical
focusing on hazards they encounter on the occupational health programs.
of manual material-handling tasks. When surveillance programs to minimize and
job and any corresponding control measures
engineering controls are not feasible, we adopt eliminate hazards. • Collaboration with GSE colleagues:
administrative measures like job rotation and Occupational Health Services partners daily
• Quality assurance: We ensure compliance
Occupational
ergonomic training. with GSE colleagues to assess workplace
with occupational health policies and
health hazards, develop and review
Health Services procedures through a quality assurance
Our Office Ergonomics program, which extends
occupational health programs, prevent
program applicable to both staff and vendors.
to remote and hybrid workers, promotes
adverse health issues, and track safety
Occupational health principles apply to
healthy work practices and has proven effective • Global standards and communication:
performance through collaboration with
all employees and directly supervised
in preventing ergonomic-related injuries. In We continuously improve our occupational
site health professionals.
contingent workers. We promote compliance
addition, our office workstation assessments health programs by adapting policies and
with applicable occupational health laws
and ergonomic furniture policy equip employees procedures to address changing workplace
and internal policies, often exceeding local
to optimize their workstations. hazards while aligning health performance
regulatory requirements. We maintain strict
with corporate objectives. We foster
confidentiality of workers’ personal health-
openness and respectful dialogue with our
Training on occupational
related information, following Company privacy
employees, anticipating and responding to
health and safety protocols and regulatory requirements. We concerns about our operations.
also prioritize continuous improvement by
Health and safety training is critical to build objectively assessing occupational health
employees’ competencies and to improve initiatives and addressing changing hazards,
compliance, reduce risks and drive continuous internal measurements, external benchmarking
improvement. GSE professionals complete and best practices.
an assessment of site activities and identify