Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 64
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
There continues to be a negative trend in the safety procedures in order to monitor we conduct pre-planning activities for credible This process ensures we maintain a high
availability of contractors and craft resources compliance activities associated with their emergencies, including process upsets, fires, standard of loss prevention, corresponding to
for construction. That means we must manage scope of services, as well as to meet safety- spills, releases, severe weather events and the level of operational risk, monetary value
resource availability issues and varied levels of related performance objectives. A central security-related incidents. and supply chain importance.
experience and safety competencies. GES uses governance team manages our IFM partners.
Site-specific emergency response procedures
a “hyper-care” program to ensure supervision The governance process includes dedicated Industrial hygiene
include incident reporting and management,
and safety oversight of new contractors, resources to measure, monitor and evaluate
personnel evacuation, and medical and and biological safety
high-risk work scope contractors and less- partners’ safety performance, as well as
incident response and control. We routinely
experienced contractors. adherence to our requirements. IFM partners
conduct emergency response drills and train Our Industrial Hygiene (IH) and Biological
proactively follow a continuous improvement
GES also uses a rigorous, third-party employees in job- and site-specific emergency Safety programs prioritize the health and
process that establishes specific targets for
prequalification program, Highwire, to evaluate response duties. safety of our employees, customers and
our governance to monitor.
and score contractors and subcontractors. communities by identifying, assessing and
Many of our manufacturing plants have on-
This tool evaluates contractors’ safety managing various hazards and risks in both
Motor vehicle safety site, trained emergency response teams and
programs, safety performance, safety incident research and manufacturing environments.
mobile fire and rescue apparatus that can
rates, experience modifier rate and training In line with industry-leading best practices,
Our motor vehicle safety program promotes a respond to fires, medical emergencies, technical
verification of craft. GES also reviews any both programs use a hierarchy of controls that
strong safety culture for our employees who rescues and spills/releases. These teams often
regulatory citations prior to allowing bids includes prevention, substitution, engineering
operate vehicles to conduct our business. collaborate with community-based emergency
on projects. controls, administrative controls and personal
The program aims to reduce the number and responders and can provide off-site assistance
protective equipment (PPE).
severity of motor vehicle accidents and injuries, when requested.
Safety for non-Company
along with a reduction in driving violations. We build safety into our designs for new
personnel Our global motor vehicle safety standards Loss prevention processes and facilities by eliminating risks,
and programs, including predictive analytics substituting less hazardous materials or
We require contractors working at our sites to assessments, help us develop employee- We proactively assess and manage the risks processes, and installing effective engineering
follow a prequalification and EHS evaluation specific defensive driving action plans. They also associated with fires and natural catastrophes and operational controls. Ongoing monitoring
process as specified in our Global Contractor promote safe driving skills and behaviors among (e.g., hurricanes, floods, windstorms and and verification of these controls is essential to
Management Standard. They are assigned an our sales and marketing employees, the primary earthquakes) through our Loss Prevention ensure their effectiveness.
internal “contractor liaison” to monitor safety operators of our business-use vehicles. Program. This program eliminates or reduces
In 2024, we supported our dynamic and
compliance, perform safety inspections and the impact of potential loss events through:
rapid business growth by updating the
evaluations, and ensure they follow their safety Emergency preparedness
• Facility and process designs
Corporate Industrial Hygiene standard and the
compliance plans. Contractors must report
and response • Inspection, prevention and Corporate Biosafety Manual. These projects
and investigate all safety incidents and near-
maintenance procedures support improved IH and Biological Safety
miss events. They also work with site-based
We prioritize incident prevention through compliance. In addition, we developed curated
contacts to identify and implement corrective • Fire suppression, detection and specialized
equipment and facility design, operational technical content in both IH and Biosafety
and preventive actions, which are tracked protection systems
and maintenance procedures, and employee capability centers, tailored to specific roles and
to completion.
training. We also maintain emergency • Emergency response and business responsibilities within our Company. This digital
Integrated Facilities Management (IFM) preparedness and response capabilities to continuity programs shift to focused content is intended to facilitate
partners are globally sourced companies effectively respond to unplanned incidents. Our robust decision-making and sustain work
We regularly engage renowned external loss
responsible for supporting our facility- emergency response programs safeguard our efficiency at our sites.
prevention engineering service providers to
related tasks. We require IFM partners to employees, visitors, the environment, nearby
inspect our facility designs and modifications.
follow our safety standards and site-specific communities and physical assets. Additionally,