Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 45
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our global approach to talent management
We recognize the importance of hiring, Talent management also helps our employees We provide our employees with resources, design, develop and execute innovative learning
retaining and developing exceptional navigate their careers while we recognize and programs and support to help them achieve experiences to strengthen our workforce,
employees. After all, our people are our greatest respect each individual’s unique journey. To their goals and shape their futures. Through support career growth and development,
asset. Teams comprised of employees with accomplish this, we establish the foundation forward-thinking approaches, we develop and drive business impact.
varying thoughts, perspectives and experiences for skills development through assessment, experiences and skills at every level and in every
As of Dec. 31, 2024, we had approximately
are essential for fostering innovation and leadership, teaming or coaching. function and division globally. We also strive
75,000 employees worldwide, including
creativity and for driving success. With this to increase access to opportunities for career
We seek to hire and develop the best people approximately 31,000 employees in the U.S.,
in mind, we prioritize the development of a growth. The primary focus of our learning
from a broad talent pool. Our outreach includes including Puerto Rico. Approximately 73,000
workforce that can best serve the world in and development is to enable an inclusive
various channels, including marketing and employees are full-time. Additionally, there are
which we operate and create opportunities and accessible environment for our employees
social media, and alliances with organizations roughly 15,000 third-party contractors globally,
for all employees to grow, learn and thrive. to learn and thrive. We accomplish this by
that promote belonging, engagement including temporary workers, independent
collaborating with business partners across
and empowerment. contractors and freelancers, but excluding
the Company to understand critical business
outsourced service providers.
challenges and prioritize solutions. We then