Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 30
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Supply chain strategy: Expanding availability
Our supply chain strategy includes levers to Using innovative models despite challenges such as geopolitical events,
help expand the availability of our medicines natural disasters or pandemics. From rerouting
to lower costs
and vaccines globally, including increasing Thanks to our partnership with shipments to deploying agile cold-chain
local manufacturing capacity, implementing Instituto Butantan—a nonprofit technologies, our supply chain’s strength
We continuously strive for product
innovative product optimization models and producer of immunobiologic lies in its ability to adapt quickly and ensure
optimization or find new ways to reduce
improving supply chain resilience through products for Brazil—we are fostering uninterrupted delivery of critical medicines
manufacturing costs while maintaining quality
digital capabilities. local innovation and technical and vaccines. These efforts are supported by
and improving availability. One example is our
knowledge that will enable the our robust digital capabilities, which provide
development of a GARDASIL® 9 multi-dose
Increasing capacity with organization to produce HPV real-time insights into product flow and
vial. This innovation reduces production costs
vaccines and hepatitis A vaccines improve responsiveness.
local manufacturing while optimizing manufacturing capacity,
for Brazilians. Part of a long-term
allowing us to meet the growing demand Digital innovation is critical for both security
agreement to supply the vaccines
Our approach focuses on bringing for vaccines in LMICs. and resilience in our supply chain. Through
to the Brazilian government while
manufacturing and distribution closer to inventive digital capabilities, such as blockchain
working toward a transfer, the
Through supply chain redesign, we are
demand centers. This strategy enhances supply and serialization, we continue to improve
progress toward local manufacturing
addressing accessibility challenges for
chain efficiency, improves on-time delivery and our Patient Access Programs in the Asia
has allowed the country to
infectious diseases prevalent in LMICs. For
contributes to reducing carbon emissions. Pacific region. This initiative aims to enhance
increase availability.
example, in partnership with Hilleman Labs,
access to our oncology portfolio by ensuring
We have several collaborations with producers we are developing a more thermostable and
To date, vaccines we produced as product security and compliance with health
to transfer our technical expertise for local cost-effective formulation of our ERVEBO®
part of the Butantan partnership authorities’ requirements.
manufacturing. These collaborations also (Ebola Zaire Vaccine, Live) vaccine for
have reached more than 5,600
empower local economies by creating jobs and Zaire ebolavirus. These advancements We also continue to enhance traceability,
Brazilian municipalities with more
ensuring the availability of critical medicines enable distribution in challenging storage security and efficiency for our products. Our
than 80 million doses of HPV
and vaccines. For example, in alignment with conditions and reflect our commitment to digital tools seamlessly track our medicines and
vaccines and 36 million doses
the HPV National Immunization Program delivering health solutions to populations vaccines, preventing disruptions while ensuring
of hepatitis A vaccines.
in Indonesia, in 2022, we entered a pivotal who can benefit. product integrity and compliance with health
partnership with state-owned manufacturer authorities. These innovations are a testament
Bio Farma to transfer technology for our From challenges to to our use of technology to improve the reach
4-valent HPV vaccine. By establishing local and reliability of our supply chain.
solutions with digital tools
manufacturing capabilities, we enhanced
Together, these strategies demonstrate how we
distribution of the vaccine in Indonesia. The
Our focus on resilience ensures our are reimagining the supply chain to drive access
partnership’s increased capacity is projected
manufacturing is ready to respond to to our products.
to yield an additional 10 million doses of HPV
those in need during crises. By proactively
vaccines in Indonesia in 2025, which is critical
identifying risks and implementing mitigation
given the high prevalence of certain HPV-
strategies, we maintain continuous supply
related cervical cancer in the country.