Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 43
Employees
At the heart of our organization lies an inspiring purpose: to use Topics covered in this section:
the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around
>3 million
Global talent management
the world. Our commitment to investing in the growth, success and
Hours of training completed by Compensation and benefits
well-being of our people is central to this mission.
our workforce, reflecting our
Global diversity and inclusion
dedication to investing in their
We recognize that a strong commitment to our We prioritize recognizing our team members’ growth and success. Health and safety
employees is essential to our success because contributions while cultivating a profound sense
our skilled and passionate workforce enables of belonging for each person. These initiatives
our mission. We cultivate a workplace culture reinforce our aspiration to be a leading employer
focused on innovation, engagement, inclusion, in our industry while advancing our shared
and execution. Building the capabilities of objective of fostering a healthier future for all.
our talent aligns with our mission to attract
By prioritizing our people, we not only drive
and retain the best individuals—those who >75
organizational success, but also create
invent and deliver breakthrough medicines
a meaningful and lasting impact on the
and vaccines. Countries have access to our global
communities we serve. Together, we are
Employee Assistance Program
We demonstrate our investment in our forging a path that saves and improves lives
(EAP), providing comprehensive
workforce through robust career development while enriching those of our employees.
opportunities and comprehensive resources mental health support for our
aimed at supporting the safety and well- employees and their families.
being of our employees and their families.
>25,000 >95%
Employees are members of at least one of our 10 Employee Business Resource Groups— Employees have been celebrated
that is over 30% of our workforce globally. All employees are welcome to join any of our for their contributions to our
Employee Business Resource Groups. mission through our global
recognition program.