Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 37
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
The MECTIZAN Disaster relief and 2024 was a significant year for natural disasters
driven by climate change and human conflict.
Donation Program humanitarian assistance
In response to these events, we donated Afya Program
essential products and joined global and
The MECTIZAN Donation Program is the It can become especially difficult for global
regional actors to provide immediate emergency Merck Animal Health provides
longest-running drug donation program communities to address affordability during
response, rebuild damaged health systems and ongoing support and vaccine
for neglected tropical diseases. We have natural disasters and humanitarian crises.
strengthen long-term disaster preparedness donations toward combating rabies
committed to providing as much MECTIZAN We look to local authorities and humanitarian
and response capacity. through the Afya Program. To help
as needed for as long as it’s needed to treat relief agencies to first assess the need and then
support rabies-elimination efforts,
river blindness globally through the MECTIZAN to respond in a timely, coordinated manner. Our MMOP is the primary way we donate our
Afya provides vaccines donations
Donation Program. To meet immediate needs, we provide aid medicines and vaccines for global disaster
to our nonprofit partners, including
through financial and product donations. relief and humanitarian assistance in LMICs.
Rabies Free Africa in Tanzania and
Our donation commitment has expanded over
In 2024, we reached an estimated 36,000
Mission Rabies in Asia, Africa and
the years to include the treatment of lymphatic Additionally, we recognize the rising impact
people through the MMOP. The MMOP expands
beyond. In 2024, we celebrated
filariasis. Since the program’s inception, of climate change on health. We collaborate to
access to our products, particularly in LMICs,
the milestone of donating 6 million
we have donated over 5 billion MECTIZAN mitigate that impact through our environmental
by donating medicines and vaccines to a
rabies vaccine doses through the
treatments and have made significant impacts stewardship and compliance and by advancing
limited number of qualified, U.S.-based NGO
program since its inception.
on health systems in some of the hardest- novel medicine and vaccine candidates to
partners. The scope and reach of the MMOP
to-reach communities around the world. address diseases with an increasing prevalence
varies from year to year and is influenced by + Read more about the Afya
The MECTIZAN Donation Program is one due to changing climate patterns. Our
changing medical needs in LMICs, the quantity Program here.
of the most successful public-private health collaborations extend to humanitarian disaster
of our medicines available for donation and
partnerships of its kind. response efforts and strengthening resilience
the unpredictable nature of emergencies
in health systems.
+ For more information, please see the or disasters.
MECTIZAN story on our corporate
website, and the MECTIZAN Donation
Program website.
We received the 2024 Global Citizen
Award from International Medical
Corps in recognition of our decades-
long support of global health access
and emergency response.
In 2024, we reached over
292 million
people with our MECTIZAN donations.