Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 46
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Transparency and Leadership as a levels. By emphasizing each leader’s vital role experience also ensures everyone feels valued
in employee growth and development, we and supported. Through the use of Anytime
development for all differentiating capability
actively enable our leaders to maintain a focus Feedback, we have significantly increased
on leadership excellence while also driving an employee feedback across the Company,
Our organization is deeply committed to We remain steadfast in our commitment to
inclusive environment for all employees. Our providing even more opportunity to both give
fostering employee growth and development, effective leadership for all, actively advancing
journey is still underway, and we commit to and receive meaningful feedback throughout
believing each individual has the potential our organizational culture and enhancing both
making continuous strides in these vital areas. the year. Additionally, in 2024, 93% of
and desire to succeed. We understand that individual and collective performance. Our
employees had a mid-year progress discussion
every employee brings unique skills and ongoing efforts to integrate our 15 Enterprise
Performance management with their people leaders.
aspirations to the table, and our goal extends Leadership Skills into daily operations continue
beyond retention; we aim to create passionate to address evolving business challenges while Our evolving performance evaluation and
Our purpose drives us to positively impact
advocates for their careers. By leaving a lasting unlocking immense potential within our rewards process illustrates our dedication to
patients, customers and communities
positive impact on our workforce, we empower workforce. This strategic initiative empowers balancing results with our Ways of Working, or
worldwide. We prioritize meaningful work that
individuals to learn, grow and succeed. every individual in our organization to explore how our employees achieve those results. We
connects individual passions with our broader
their own leadership growth as needed in their emphasize the importance of accountability
We encourage open communication between organizational aspirations, fostering a profound
roles, ensuring the impact of our initiatives and leadership behaviors, nurturing a culture
people leaders and employees to facilitate sense of fulfillment among employees. We value
resonates profoundly in the communities and that aligns with our core values and Strategic
meaningful development conversations that each team member’s unique contributions,
lives we serve. Framework. Our people leaders participate
align individual career goals with organizational reinforcing the understanding that their skills
annually in structured 360° and 180° feedback
objectives. This proactive approach not only As we sustain our focus on building leadership play a critical role in our collective mission.
surveys to understand their progress against
enhances personal and professional growth as a distinguishing capability, we work diligently
As a result, we believe strongly in the power our Enterprise Leadership Skills and Ways
but also fosters a culture of transparency toward two primary goals: enhancing our
of constructive feedback as a cornerstone of of Working.
and fairness in our talent practices, ensuring leaders’ leadership acumen and embedding
our performance management approach. By
employees can build their careers with purpose. leadership principles into all facets of our Finally, we remain committed to empowering
promoting a culture of ongoing dialogue and
talent practices. By integrating leadership our employees to continuously improve and
Recognizing that career growth is often a support, our people leaders can mentor and
development into the entire employee contribute to our shared mission, inspiring
non-linear journey filled with a broad array coach their teams effectively. We encourage
journey—from recruitment to performance stakeholder confidence and the awareness that
of experiences, we equip our employees regular, constructive feedback through
management—we foster a thriving culture they remain our primary focus while we deliver
and people leaders with the resources and structured mechanisms that help employees
where leadership is actively celebrated and exceptional outcomes for them.
support they need to engage in rich and grow. Strengthening the overall employee
rewarded every day.
meaningful development discussions. By
fostering a mindset of curiosity and continuous In 2024, we launched our Leadership
learning, we inspire our workforce to navigate Readiness Labs, innovative spaces dedicated
Year end performance reviews 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
their careers confidently, uncovering new to nurturing and empowering our leaders
opportunities for growth and success at through continuous development. This initiative
All employees¹ 95% 95% 96% 96% 96%
every turn. complements the ongoing introduction of our
Team Leader and Multi-Team Leader Learning ¹ “All employees” are defined as all active full- and part-time workers only.
Journeys, along with additional self-directed
learning resources designed to inspire personal
growth and strengthen leadership across all