Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 11
Our company | Highlights | CEO letter | Select awards and recognition | Our Strategic Framework | Our approach to sustainability | Our priority UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Sustainability governance
Governance of environmental
Board of Directors
sustainability
Governance Committee, which monitors functional senior leaders, this Council makes
We are committed to governance policies
and assists the Board in its oversight of recommendations on critical issues and
and practices that serve the interests of our Our Environmental, Health and Safety
sustainability matters, ensures relevant issues monitors performance across regions and
business and shareholders. Our Board of (EHS) Council is a cross-functional body
are subject to review by Board Committees functions, ensuring we effectively navigate
Directors oversees sustainability matters for with leadership representation from each
with relevant areas of competency. the evolving landscape.
the Company through its committees and area of our business and is responsible
as a whole. Our Executive Team and senior for overseeing our environmental
Sustainability Strategy
Management
management are responsible for reviewing, sustainability strategy, policy and
Management Team (SSMT)
refining and implementing our long-term risk mitigation controls. It monitors
The groups below are responsible for directing
sustainability strategy. Through groups such With guidance from SPSC, the SSMT advises, performance against our targets and
the day-to-day supervision of our sustainability
as the Strategic Policy & Sustainability Council, shapes and drives our long-term sustainability increases transparency on environmental
strategy and driving performance:
our senior leaders direct the day-to-day strategy, including providing recommendations issues within the Company, the Executive
supervision of this strategy. regarding business risks and opportunities. Team and the Board.
Strategic Policy &
The role of this group of functional experts
Our Executive Team updates the Board on Sustainability Council (SPSC) is to create long-term value, differentiate The Global Safety and Environment (GSE)
our long-term sustainability strategy and This Council, guided by our Executive us as a leader in sustainability and respond vice president communicates progress
performance through both discussions as a Team, plays a pivotal role in advancing our to stakeholder demands about key issues on environmental sustainability goals,
full Board and through Committee discussions strategy through proactive public policy and across our four focus areas: Access to Health, objectives and other material issues to the
on specific topics. For example, the Board's sustainability efforts. Comprised of cross- Employees, Environmental Sustainability Board, Executive Team and EHS Council.
and Ethics & Values. The SSMT ensures The GSE vice president is also a part of
our strategy and priorities align with and the SPSC. Additionally, the head of the
support our corporate Strategic Framework Environmental Sustainability Center of
to meet our public commitments and Excellence (CoE) is a member of the SSMT.
Corporate governance 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
stakeholder expectations.
Our cross-functional Environmental
Independent directors on the Board 12 12 12 11 12 Sustainability Implementation Steering
Social Impact & Sustainability (SIS)
Committee was designated by the
Board members who are independent 92% 86% 92% 92% 92% This function is responsible for visibility of EHS Council to oversee progress on
sustainability initiatives, including reporting initiatives that support achievement
Separate chairman of the Board and CEO No Yes No No No performance and progress through our annual of our public targets and to provide
Impact Report. This group works across the guidance on resourcing our environmental
Lead independent director Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Company to set public targets that reflect our sustainability strategy.
commitment to responsible business practices,
Note: All figures above are derived from our proxy statement filed the following year and are rounded.
foster collaboration to integrate sustainability + For information on environmental health
principles into our policies and practices, and safety management and governance,
+ For information on our Board’s nomination process and the Board's roles and responsibilities for the
and communicate these commitments please visit the Sustainability Resources
management of and reporting on sustainability topics at the Company, please see our 2025 proxy
to our stakeholders. page on our corporate website.
statement (pages 20-22). For information on how to communicate with the Board, please see page 25
of our proxy statement.