Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 76
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Other emissions
We are committed to controlling air emissions Production and research Fossil fuel combustion We strive to make our facilities more energy
from our facilities to reduce local, regional and efficient through our energy management
emissions emissions
global environmental impacts. Air emissions programs and to improve the fuel efficiency
are generated by our manufacturing and of our fleet vehicles. Our Company’s actions to
Many of our pharmaceutical manufacturing Air emissions are also generated by burning fuel
research operations, as well as by burning fuel reduce our GHG emissions to meet our public
processes, cleaning/disinfecting operations in our boilers and power-generation turbines
in on-site equipment and fleet vehicles. Our Air climate commitments will also reduce NOx, SOx
and research laboratories require the use of (for heat and energy) and by other combustion
Management Standard requires our facilities and VOC emissions.
solvents. Evaporation of solvents into the air is processes, such as thermal oxidizers (for
to quantify and control air emissions to comply
our primary source of volatile organic compound treating air emissions) and incinerators + For environmental sustainability data and goal
with applicable regulations and standards.
(VOC) emissions. In an effort to reduce VOCs, (for destroying waste). Our fleet vehicles performance, please see the Performance
Where regulations do not mandate emission
we’ve incorporated reductions in solvent usage and aircraft also burn fuel and generate air summary at the end of the environmental
quantification, our facilities are required to use
as an element of our Green & Sustainable emissions. These combustion processes result sustainability section of this report.
guidelines and tools associated with our Air
Science program. in emissions of carbon dioxide (CO₂), nitrogen
Management Standard to estimate emissions.
oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and VOCs.
We developed these guidelines and tools using
The key elements of the program include
EPA emission calculation methodologies.
designing efficient processes that use less
hazardous and/or reduced quantities of organic
Any increase in production can negatively
solvents. We also use water-based methods for
impact our emissions trends. While there are
cleaning our process equipment where it has
efforts to minimize solvent use in production,
been shown to be as effective as solvent-based
solvents are needed for cleaning and
methods. To reduce emissions from processes
disinfecting. The Montreal Protocol mandates
using organic solvents, we use pollution-control
phase-out of refrigerants that are ozone-
technologies, such as conservation vents,
depleting substances per schedules approved
carbon filters, thermal oxidizers, condensers
for individual countries. Our facilities strive to
and scrubbers.
maintain compliance with applicable regulatory
requirements, established in accordance with + For more information on this program,
each country’s commitments.
see pages 88-89.
Our Environmental Compliance CoE assists our
facilities in obtaining appropriate environmental
permits and in quantifying and controlling air
emissions to comply with applicable regulations
and emission standards.