Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 60
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Opportunities for people Expanding our • Year Up United, a nonprofit that offers pool for entry-level roles in manufacturing,
economically disadvantaged youth six research and development and commercial
with disabilities
talent pipeline
months of training followed by a six-month operations across the business.
We are committed to a culture of inclusion and corporate internship
Through our outreach efforts, we strive to
belonging for all people with disabilities and to Veterinary Scholarship Program
• OpenClassrooms, an organization that
attract and recruit qualified talent from a
ensure that all our employees have equal access
administers Department of Labor- Our scholarship program offers grants to all
variety of backgrounds and experiences and
to opportunities in both the digital and physical
Certified apprenticeship programs outstanding students of the different veterinary
with varied perspectives. We focus on removing
environments. Our global digital accessibility
(Skills-First apprentices) science disciplines to further their education as
barriers that may limit access to the candidate
policy and program seeks to advance inclusive
they pursue careers in animal medicine and care.
pool and working with partners to expand
design standards across our digital landscape In 2024, we were honored to welcome 94
In 2024, we supported students representing
our reach to untapped talent pools. In 2024,
for the internal workforce, as well as patients Year Up interns and 10 Skills-First apprentices
livestock species and companion animals, and
we furthered collaborations between Global
and consumers. Our universal design standards to our team. We place these individuals in
we gave scholarships to veterinary technicians
Talent Acquisition, the GD&I COE, business
for our facilities seek to provide ease of physical positions across various fields, including
for the first time. Last year, over $1.5 million
units and EBRGs to ensure our outreach efforts
access for all employees and guests. Going digital marketing, data analytics, information
in scholarships were awarded to 220 students
aligned with business needs and our objective
beyond the Americans with Disabilities Act, technology and project management. One-
representing all regions of the world.
to attract, recruit, hire and retain the best
advancing digital and physical access helps third of the Year Up and Skills-First apprentices
talent available.
support a culture of inclusion and belonging. transitioned into full-time or contractor
Strategic partnerships
positions upon completion of their programs.
+ For more information on our disability inclusion Skills-First talent strategy
efforts, please visit our corporate website. The GD&I CoE partners with external
Development of talent
Our Skills-First talent strategy is a organizations to ensure we are on the leading
in the industry
transformative approach that redefines edge of D&I practices. We leverage these
our methods for attracting, developing and partnerships for professional development
We partner with MANRRS in the U.S. to
promoting talent. For relevant positions, opportunities for all employees, talent
support the development of talent from
this strategy emphasizes skills rather than a engagement and recruitment, health
the agricultural sciences and related fields.
four-year degree, fostering equal access to access activities, educating students about
MANRRS provides exposure to a variety of
meaningful career opportunities for all. career opportunities in our industry, and
career paths available in the animal health
showcasing our leadership in creating an
In 2024, in alignment with our Skills-First talent industry, in addition to the veterinary field,
inclusive workplace. Our EBRGs engage
strategy, we posted over 1,100 positions that which includes the growing areas of connected
with partner programs and resources to
did not require a four-year degree. Among technology and other smart data products
further their strategic priorities, including
those hired for these roles, 40% had less than a and services.
professional and leadership development
four-year degree. In 2024, the number of Skills-
and community engagement.
First employees totaled approximately 2,500 Future Talent Rotational Program
employees, an 8% increase over 2023. + For more information about our external
This 15-month rotational experience in our
partnerships and outreach, please visit our
Key partners in our Skills-First efforts include: Animal Health division is open to undergraduate
corporate website.
students attending universities in the U.S.
• OneTen, a coalition of leading companies
It includes rotations in three different functional
driving a Skills-First movement to unlock
areas to expose students to various career
career opportunities for talent without four-
opportunities. The program serves as a talent
year degrees