Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 106
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Supply chain integrity Serialization and product security
Serialization—adding a 2D barcode with a
Supply chain security
unique identification number on each package
that goes to market—is a tool we use to secure
We maintain policies and initiatives to
our supply chain and prevent counterfeiting.
proactively protect the legitimate end-to-end
A serial number on individual packages
distribution of our products.
enables anyone along the supply chain, from
We require our customers to purchase our a distributor to a pharmacist to a patient, to
products directly from us or from authorized scan the code and verify it as a genuine product.
distributors listed publicly on our corporate
Many global markets have regulatory
website. Accordingly, we work collaboratively
requirements to serialize pharmaceutical
with internal and external stakeholders to
products. We comply with all mandated
promote security awareness and protect
serialization requirements. Throughout 2024,
the integrity of our supply chain.
we have voluntarily expanded serialization
We ensure compliance with our security into several markets that do not have
policies and programs by identifying supply such requirements. These markets are
network vulnerabilities and threats and by piloting programs to enhance the security
providing reasonable solutions that minimize and traceability of our products using
risk. We have resources globally to manage blockchain technology.
our security programs, identify critical touch
In 2024, we explored digitally enabled anti-
points, collaborate with stakeholders and
counterfeiting technologies to further protect
investigate incidents. In addition, through
our products. These technologies use mobile
our dedicated security intelligence and data
phones to verify packaging features. We
analysis resources, we are well-positioned
have completed proof-of-concept studies
to adapt and respond to changing and newly
and are exploring integration with our
emerging security risks.
packaging. This technology, coupled with
We also use innovative solutions to enhance serialization, would create a powerful, multi-
the security and visibility of our products from factor verification platform to enhance our
origin to final disposition. products’ security.
As a certified importer under the U.S. Customs + For more information on patient access and
Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program, product availability, see the Availability section
we are validated by U.S. Customs and Border on page 26.
Protection as an elite Tier 3 member for
implementing best practices in supply chain
security. This adds an important layer to
the security of our products and materials
imported to the U.S.