Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 118
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
We also provide annual mandatory privacy
and cybersecurity training to communicate Global privacy program 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
and reinforce the guidelines of our privacy
Concerns regarding privacy practices, breaches of privacy and losses of personal data that were substantiated¹ 250 425 217 302 309
and information security policies as well as
our commitment to a strong culture of privacy
Privacy breaches requiring notification by our Company to individuals or government authorities 0 3 4 10 8
and cybersecurity compliance. We have a
systematic approach for ensuring employees ¹ (a) Includes all concerns about our privacy practices reported to our Company's Privacy Office and substantiated or verified. Verified concerns are investigated as part of the Company's Incident Management
can understand and comply with our policies, Process, which includes a determination of whether regulatory or data subject notification is required.
(b) Increased sensitivity of network traffic monitors contributed to increased number in 2021.
including a robust cybersecurity training and
(c) Consistent network traffic monitoring and increased privacy and cybersecurity awareness efforts resulted in reduced number of privacy incidents in 2022.
awareness program that provides learning
(d) As part of the Global Privacy Office’s efforts to deepen further the company's understanding of the global privacy program, a series of quarterly awareness campaigns were rolled out to all employees and
opportunities to encourage employees to contractors in 2023. One such awareness campaign focused exclusively on recognizing and reporting privacy incidents, whether occurring internally or at an external processor. This heightened awareness directly
resulted in an increase in the number of reported privacy incidents in Asia Pacific and Latin America, as well as by the Animal Health division.
make security-aware decisions. Training topics
(e) Privacy incidents reporting levels remained stable for 2024.
include, but are not limited to, information
protection, identity, email, browsing and mobile
security. We also expect employees to maintain
an up-to-date record of their qualifications that
details relevant cybersecurity work experience,
skills, certifications and internal, industry or
vendor-provided training.
We welcome customers, employees,
candidates, patients and others whose personal
information we may have in our systems to
raise requests about their data, such as to
access, correct, port or delete the information.
We have a well-established process for
reporting privacy incidents to the Global Privacy
Office for investigation. The first step of this
process is to verify the facts reported and to
substantiate the concerns. In 2024, we received
309 substantiated privacy concerns, which
marks a 2% increase compared to the previous
year. Increasingly effective efforts toward
raising awareness about privacy incidents
globally contributed to this increase. 8 out of
309 incidents were deemed to be reportable to
data protection authorities or data subjects.