Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 21
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Addressing barriers to care
Policies:
across the Company
Access to health statement of guiding principles
Antimicrobial resistance global action plan
In 2024, we accelerated our efforts to expand We build accountability for access
access to health globally, establishing dedicated improvements into our governance. Our
Access to our vaccines
efforts within our business. Executive Team and senior management
review, refine and implement our long-term Access to investigational medicines
In the U.S., our teams are working to close
sustainability strategy, which includes our
critical gaps in care and to improve patients’ Charitable product donations
approach to global access. Our Strategic Policy
access to timely information and services.
& Sustainability Council (SPSC) provides European Union health technology assessment regulation
This focus extends across our business
oversight to ensure alignment with our
functions, including: medical affairs, corporate strategic objectives. Health technology assessment
affairs, marketing, business strategy, market
research and market access. These teams + For more on the SPSC, please see page 11. Intellectual property
have developed appropriate strategies for
Real-world evidence
relevant therapeutic areas aimed at closing Our commitment to access is also part of our
gaps in care among populations who face high 2024 Company Scorecard and approved by
disease burdens and high barriers to care. the Board of Directors’ Compensation and
Management Development Committee. Our
For low- and middle-income countries (LMICs),
2024 Company Scorecard incorporates certain External charters, principles and initiatives that guide our work in our Access to Health
we have created a dedicated team to drive broad
sustainability metrics, including access to health focus area:
access to our innovative medicines and vaccines
metrics, which directly impact annual incentive
• AMR Industry Alliance: Common Antibiotic Manufacturing Framework
in an economically sustainable way. LMICs are
pay for executives and most employees.
home to 85% of the world’s population, but • AMR Industry Alliance: Industry Roadmap for Progress on Combating AMR
also to 90% of cervical cancer deaths and 80%
• Health for Animals: Antibiotics Commitment
of deaths from non-communicable diseases
• Declaration of Helsinki
like diabetes, heart disease and cancer. We
recognize traditional health care delivery • International Council for Harmonisation: Good Clinical Practice (ICH-GCP)
methods are often insufficient to meet this
• International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA)
need. There is opportunity to expand health
Code of Practice
care access in LMICs through rapid economic
• The Kigali Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases
development, digital enablement and increased
public and private health spending. • U.S. National Academy of Sciences: Guidelines for Human Embryonic Stem Cell Research
+ Read more about these efforts on page 38.