Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 40
Discovery and invention | Availability | Affordability and sustainable access | Strengthening health systems and addressing barriers to health care
Global impact and community investments
Our approach to philanthropic investments The Foundation also supports programs that are home not only to our customers, but also where our employees live and work by
is guided by these key principles: improve the delivery of cancer care in low- and to our workforce and many of our suppliers. addressing critical health and social needs.
middle-income countries (LMICs). Through It is critical we understand their concerns and
• Meeting critical global health needs
Solutions for Healthy Communities (SHC)
an $11 million commitment over six years needs, and that we address local challenges to
• Promoting access to care by helping to catalyzes local innovations that facilitate
(2023-2028) to University of New Mexico build stronger communities and support the
reduce health disparities in communities access to quality health care for communities
(UNM) Health, the Foundation is supporting sustainability of our business.
with limited access to care with limited access to care. These initiatives
Project ECHO®, a global movement to
We contribute to the economy of local not only improve access to care, but also
• Collaborating with an array of partners democratize knowledge and expand access to
communities directly and indirectly through strengthen health systems and foster resilience
across sectors to build healthier, best-practice care. With our support, Project
employment, training, support of local and empowerment at the local level. SHC
stronger communities ECHO’s teams are training and mentoring more
suppliers, local R&D and by paying taxes. provides multi-year grants to NGOs addressing
than 33,000 local health workers and bringing
• Using our range of resources (financial,
We also strive to have a positive impact barriers to heath care in the communities
high-quality care to an estimated 11 million
product and expertise) to improve access
on communities by helping to protect the where we operate.
people living with cancer in communities across
to health
environment, maintaining safe operations
India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam. + For more information on these programs,
and respecting human rights. Our community
Established in 1957, our Foundation is funded
please visit the Philanthropy page on our
We supported social investments globally that engagement programs strengthen communities
entirely by our Company and is our chief source
corporate website.
delivered health communications campaigns,
of financial support for qualified, eligible non-
strengthened digital platforms and supported
profit organizations whose programs align with
vaccination programs in communities with
our philanthropic priorities. Since its inception,
gaps in care and health outcomes. Considering
our Foundation has supported innovative
the unique care barriers impacting rural
programs and partnerships to improve the
communities, we are also partnering with
health and well-being of people around the
community-based coalitions to address social
world. For example, it has invested in multi-year
determinants of health in more than 60
programs to improve access to high-quality care
counties across Indiana and Georgia. These
for people living with cancer. The Foundation’s
grassroots coalitions are comprised of public
U.S.-based initiative—the Alliance for Equity
health stakeholders, community engagement
in Cancer Care is working to address persistent
groups and business leaders providing
cancer disparities by helping improve the
education and awareness in rural communities
delivery of high-quality and culturally responsive
and addressing barriers to vaccination services.
care in underserved communities across the
country. With a $20 million commitment
Our success depends largely on our
over five years (2022-2026), the Foundation
relationships and interactions with local
is supporting the design and implementation
communities, including patients, community
of innovative, comprehensive programs that
leaders, non-profit organizations, local
help improve patient outcomes by meeting
businesses, schools, elected officials and local
individuals’ medical and social needs.
media. The communities where we operate