Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 86
Climate, energy and air emissions | Water | Nature and biodiversity | Waste | Materials | Performance summary
Our approach to materials
By using more efficient and innovative We actively engage in conversations on product compliance and assure supply of lifesaving Governance
processing methods and technologies in our stewardship to understand and act on issues products as we look to further minimize our
manufacturing, we are trying to reduce the specific to our industry worldwide. We share environmental footprint. Our efforts in this area are driven by our Green
amount of energy, water and raw materials best practices within the industry via our and Sustainable Science Team and overseen by
We also support the development of science-
we use to make our products, which should membership in the Conference Board Product research and development (R&D) leadership
based, cost-effective and environmentally sound
minimize the amount of waste we generate. Stewardship Council, EFPIA, the International and our Environmental Health and Safety
programs that promote the proper disposal
Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers (EHS) Council.
We maintain a highly trained and capable of unused medicines and their packaging, in
& Associations (IFPMA) and the ACS Green
scientific staff knowledgeable in methodologies accordance with regional requirements.
Chemistry Institute Pharmaceutical Roundtable
to reduce environmental impacts, and we
(ACS GCIPR). Our objective is to maintain
actively pursue manufacturing process
improvements that can minimize environmental
impacts. We have set environmental
sustainability goals with measurable and
achievable targets and timelines to demonstrate
this commitment. To ensure our knowledge
stays current and aligned with our peers, we
also collaborate with external resources and
industry groups such as the American Chemical
Society (ACS), the EFPIA and Animal Health
Europe to develop process improvements.
Products
We conduct extensive testing of our products
to identify and understand any potential safety,
health or environmental hazards. We manage
and communicate information about hazardous
materials to keep our employees, contractors,
transporters and other partners safe. We also
share information with patients and health care
professionals through our product inserts and
packaging so they can understand the potential
hazards when handling our products.