Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 111
Ethical corporate behavior | Customer health and safety | Supplier management | Human rights | Privacy and data security | Government relations
Remedial actions Engagement
Tracking and reporting on the closure of Engaging and seeking input from relevant
remedial actions taken by suppliers to address stakeholders, including GSMG, Ethics &
identified nonconformances (gaps/concerns) Compliance, Legal and Global Safety and
revealed by supplier LHR auditing—We Environment (GSE)—The engagement and
monitor open remedial actions and ensure they collaboration help gather input and guidance
are closed in a timely manner. from subject matter experts.
Monitoring Collaboration
Assigning relationship managers from within Working with PSCI to develop training, tools
GSMG to monitor the performance of key and maturity models, and to share knowledge
suppliers—We hold suppliers accountable for across our industry and with our suppliers—
meeting their contractual obligations. The aim of the collaboration through our PSCI
membership is to help our suppliers identify
Assessing the effectiveness and solve social issues for themselves.
of our program
Training
The metrics listed in the table below help us Providing training to sourcing professionals
assess the effectiveness of our LHR efforts in who have responsibility for supplier selection,
our business and supply chain. We use these oversight and monitoring—Training is provided
measures to monitor our performance and as part of onboarding and covers topics on our
identify opportunities to improve our programs. Business Partner Code of Conduct, third-party
risk management and mitigation of modern
+ You can find a list of our products
slavery risks in supply chains.
and an update on our pipeline on our
corporate website.
Supplier management 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
+ For more information on our sector,
business relationships, financials, operations Supplier Labor and Human Rights (LHR) audits conducted¹ 47 10 12 10 29
and organization changes, please see
our Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2025, Supplier Labor and Human Rights (LHR) audit Corrective Actions and Preventive
100% 100% 100% 100% 89%
Actions (CAPA) closed²
on our corporate website.
Suppliers reached regarding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)³ 1,492 1,856 2,471 2,686 2,820
¹ Announced on-site audits, independently performed by third-party audit firms; primary focus on direct material (Tier 1) supplier facilities located in certain high-risk countries.
² While data is presented based on the year the audit was performed, not all CAPAs are due within the same calendar year. All CAPAs from previous reporting periods have been closed. For the current reporting
period, the CAPA closed percentage is as of July 22, 2025 Open CAPAs will be monitored through closure, and progress will be presented in next year’s report.
³ Suppliers reached regarding ESG means the aggregate number of our suppliers who have attended PSCI’s capability-building program through the Company’s membership in PSCI. Per PSCI’s website, the aim of
this program is “to build supplier knowledge and expertise so they can identify and solve safety, social, environmental and ethical issues for themselves."