Overview Access to Health Employees Environmental Sustainability Ethics & Values Reporting indices Merck Impact Report 2024/2025 47
Global talent management | Compensation and benefits | Global diversity and inclusion | Health and safety
Our approach to recruitment and retention
We focus on recruiting and retaining the We have also made substantial strides to
best talent globally—those committed to ensure equal opportunity for a broad spectrum Employees by region (2024) Number of employees* % of Total
our purpose. of qualified candidates through our recruiting
U.S.¹ 30,588 41%
efforts. By partnering with various external
Our success relies on attracting and retaining
organizations, we have successfully attracted
skilled scientific, IT and business support talent Europe (Western) 20,551 28%
candidates from a variety of backgrounds to
as well as experts in clinical R&D, government
compete for positions within our Company.
China 6,214 8%
regulation and commercialization. Dedicated
Sourcing and Executive Recruiting teams for Of course, our success depends on our ability
Asia Pacific 6,648 9%
research and development (R&D) and global to cast a wide net to identify, source and attract
branding highlight R&D opportunities. the best talent. To ensure that, we have made
Latin America 4,368 6%
investments and established partnerships with
Our hiring strategy also focuses on securing
various inclusive hiring programs in the U.S., Japan 3,303 4%
digital, analytical and automation skills, as well
including our Skills-First hiring initiative.
as sales and marketing skill sets, especially in
Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (EEMEA) 2,251 3%
oncology and vaccines in our Global Human + To learn about our Skills-First talent strategy
Health division. and other initiatives, see page 60. Canada 784 1%
We have discovery research centers located *Full-time equivalents reported.
strategically in regions with active biomedical ¹ U.S. Headcount including Puerto Rico.
research communities in California and
Massachusetts, and principal sites outside
the U.S., including in the United Kingdom
and China. These centers enable us to recruit
talented local scientists and to collaborate with
local academic institutions and companies.
These discovery sites complement and connect
with the strong R&D capabilities and expertise
at our New Jersey and Pennsylvania sites.