PLANET
Wastewater and effluent management system requirements Examples of recent projects:
are subject to three levels of governance: a location level self-
Glendale, Arizona: The site replaced their time-based
assessment against requirements, a verification process by
controllers for irrigation with a water-sensing controlled
more senior personnel within the organization and auditing by
system to avoid irrigating when raining. This project resulted
third-party teams of Honeywell and external experts.
in approximately 1.5 million gallons of water savings annually.
Honeywell maintains a process to act in a timely manner to In addition to the controls, the site has been replacing
address incidents or nonconformities, including those related landscaping with xeriscape landscaping; to date, the site has
to wastewater and effluent management. These processes replaced approximately 9,000 SF of landscaping, resulting in an
include root cause analysis and taking preventative and additional 140,000 gallons in reduced water consumption.
corrective actions when needed. Key findings and continuous
Torrance, California: The site updated the water treatment
improvement opportunities for wastewater and effluent
system on their cooling towers to increase the cycles of
control are also evaluated and incorporated into the overall
concentration by 12.5%. This reduced the amount of blow-
management system.
down/make-up water required and yields an estimated water
Honeywell’s global inventory of water usage data supports the savings of 538,000 gallons per year.
identification of conservation opportunities. Honeywell analyzes
all its operations for Baseline Water Stress using the World
Resources Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct.
To ensure a continuous focus on conservation at our larger
company sites in water-stressed regions, and as part of our
HSEPS Management System requirements, all sites in locations
with High (40–80%) or Extremely High (greater than 80%)
Baseline Water Stress meeting a certain threshold must:
• Complete an annual water efficiency assessment based on
water best practices.
• Maintain a water balance of all significant flows in and out of
the facility.
• Obtain a comprehensive water audit on an established cycle.
• Train personnel on water management.
• Maintain a list of water conservation measures identified and
completed.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 22