PLANET
IMPROVING
ENERGY EFFICIENCY
Energy efficiency is more important than ever in the pursuit of carbon neutrality. To support our goals, and as part of our Health, Global program examples:
Safety, Environment, Product Stewardship and Sustainability (HSEPS) Management System, our largest sites are required to
• Lighting: Honeywell has converted a significant portion of
identify their significant energy use in line with ISO 50001, obtain an energy audit on an established cycle, train personnel on
our facilities to LED and continues to systematically replace
energy management, and track identified projects via our standard database. This ensures a robust pipeline of both low-cost and
lighting with the most up-to-date LED and occupancy control
capital projects that can be considered for execution.
technologies. Overall, we have executed more than 975 LED
lighting and controls projects providing annual savings of over
Energy Performance $11 million, and reductions of 50,000 metric tons of GHG
emissions and 355 billion BTU. In addition, new construction
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
energy standards ensure all new facilities include LED and
occupancy sensors to maximize energy efficiency.
Energy, billion BTU 17,208 15,348 15,247 15,603 15,353
• Compressed air and gas systems: As with the global lighting
Energy Efficiency, billion BTU/$M 0.469 0.470 0.443 0.440 0.420
program, Honeywell is utilizing a programmatic approach to
The assurance process we use for our GHG inventory includes, by default, our energy footprint. The energy data compiled here represents our global continue upgrading our compressed air and gas systems, as
footprint for all our sites. Estimates are used for some of our smaller sites but are typically in the range of 5% of our overall inventory.
well as adding variable frequency drives to fans and pumps to
improve efficiency in facility and manufacturing processes.
Honeywell’s culture of continuous improvement has driven our tools such as tiered accountability, self-assessments and
success at increasing efficiency. The HSEPS team combines kaizens (short-duration projects led by a facilitator with a
its deep knowledge of energy and environmental matters with specific aim at improvement) to maintain a pipeline of projects
“Next-generation digital technologies provide
our HSEPS Management System and continuous improvement that help us achieve our goals.
a path to cut emissions and achieve energy
We install a wide range of technologies, including those from efficiency goals, while improving profitability.
our own product portfolio, at our manufacturing sites and Organizations that adopt these automation
“How we manage the built environment will
significantly impact our ability to achieve offices around the world. These include energy management tools can operate more efficiently by reducing
carbon neutrality. We are advancing solutions and control systems, automation systems for boilers, LED waste and process upsets, as well as more
productively and more responsibly, helping
that create and maintain safer, more resilient lighting, HVAC controls and refrigerants, variable frequency
to lead to reduced environmental impact,
and environmentally responsible spaces for drives, occupancy sensors, metering, and renewable energy.
enhanced competitiveness, and a brighter
ourselves, our customers, and our communities We take a systems-based approach using technology,
future for all.”
globally.” operational excellence and employee engagement aligned
Billal Hammoud, President and CEO,
with our operating system to drive continuous improvements.
Lucian Boldea, President and CEO,
Additionally, Honeywell continues to focus on improving energy Industrial Automation
Honeywell Building Automation
efficiency in our industrial and production processes.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 18