PRINCIPLES
Compliance with regulatory and company requirements is Honeywell’s Energy and Sustainability Solutions headquarters
HSE
monitored through a comprehensive three-phase governance has been certified RC14001 by an external ISO registrar since
process. The phases include ongoing self-assessment, annual 2005. Learn more about the Responsible Care® program.
GOVERNANCE
verification and internal corporate audit. All Honeywell locations
are subject to independent internal audit. ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE
For internal corporate audit, a team of independent HSEPS Honeywell’s Health, Safety and Environment program includes
Our commitment to health, safety and the environment is
internal and external subject matter experts conduct identifying and addressing the environmental and social impact
outlined in our Sustainable Opportunity Policy. This policy is
the audits and focus on verification of requirements and of our operations on the surrounding communities and ensuring
incorporated into our company-wide operating system and
continuous improvement. When the requirements are not met, compliance with regulatory standards. Our program calls for
serves as a blueprint for continuous operational improvement
nonconformities are identified and corrective action plans are safe and responsible environmental stewardship, compliance
throughout our Health, Safety, Environment, Product
developed, implemented and monitored through our centralized with applicable laws and building trust through early and
Stewardship and Sustainability (HSEPS) Management System.
management system tool. consistent community engagement.
Endorsed by our CEO and senior leadership, the policy is
posted in every facility and communicated to all employees and Protecting the environment and meaningfully engaging the
VOLUNTARY PROTECTION PROGRAM
contractors annually. surrounding community have been long-standing hallmarks
The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)
of our commitments. We have established procedures to
All Honeywell locations are subject to governance via our
Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) promotes effective site
implement these commitments in a multi- step, integrated
comprehensive management system based on recognized
based safety and health protocols and sets performance-
process that is overseen by management for both Honeywell’s
third-party standards including ISO 14001 and ISO 45001,
based criteria for health and safety management systems.
current operations and legacy sites. Our commitment to
as well as industry best practices. HSE-related incidents,
To participate, employers must apply to OSHA and undergo
community engagement applies to impacted fence-line
such as injuries and environmental events, are reported via a
a rigorous on-site evaluation by a team of safety and health
communities, including those that could be categorized as
comprehensive management system software solution.
professionals. Currently, 18 of our U.S. manufacturing facilities
environmental justice communities based on current federal
hold the prestigious VPP STAR recognition, which is the highest
The Honeywell HSEPS Management System encompasses 18
and state regulatory screening tools. More details about how
level given under the program.
interconnected core elements and is applied everywhere we
these actions consider fence-line and environmental justice
operate. Implementation of the management system requires
communities can be found in our Due Diligence Processes to
RESPONSIBLE CARE® PROGRAM
identification and assurance of compliance to all HSEPS
Identify and Address Environmental and Social Risk.
legal requirements. It sets clear, constructive objectives for
Honeywell’s Energy and Sustainability Solutions business
improvement and maintains the programs designed to achieve
participates in the Responsible Care program of the American
those objectives. In addition, we have developed detailed
Chemistry Council (ACC). Responsible Care is a global,
operational controls aligned to common risks and regulatory
voluntary initiative developed by the chemicals industry to drive
obligations in approximately 90 specific subject areas that
continuous improvement in health, safety and environmental
prescribe requirements related to, among other things, safety,
performance and is practiced today in nearly 70 countries
industrial hygiene, loss prevention, environment, health, product
around the world. As a Responsible Care signatory company,
stewardship, transportation safety, process safety management,
we are committed to improving the industry’s performance
construction safety and remediation. All Honeywell operations
in the fields of environmental protection, occupational safety
are required to comply with these operational controls, as well
and health protection, plant security, process safety, product
as any applicable legal requirements.
stewardship, operational energy efficiency and logistics.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 52