PLANET
PRODUCT
STEWARDSHIP
For Honeywell, making products safer for people and the Regulatory monitoring, combined with expertise and internal EXTENDED PRODUCER RESPONSIBILITY
planet is systematically considered at the design stage of procedures, helps ensure comprehensive programs are in
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental
all products. As Honeywell businesses invent new tools and place throughout Honeywell to manage and meet regulatory
policy approach in which a producer’s responsibility for a
solutions, we take deliberate, strategic steps to improve requirements such as:
product is extended to the post-consumer management of
each innovation’s eco-efficiency.
• REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and the product and its packaging. Honeywell complies with all
Restriction of Chemicals) legal requirements for EPR either directly or by working with
Specifically, we evaluate new products by gauging their
accredited recycling partners or networks to ensure proper end-
potential to: • RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances)
of-life treatment of our products to avoid any impacts to the
• Reduce the use of natural resources during manufacturing • TSCA (Toxic Substances Control Act)
environment. Potentially applicable regulations include:
and distribution
• GHS (Globally Harmonized System of Classification and
• Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment (WEEE)
• Increase the energy efficiency of the product itself or because Labelling of Chemicals)
• Battery recycling obligations
of its use
• WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment)
• Packaging recycling obligations
• Reduce production waste
To meet regulatory requirements, we actively engage with our
Our New Product Introduction requirements help ensure that
• Identify opportunities for product reuse and recycling
suppliers to obtain chemical substance information for the
EPR strategies are considered during the design and packaging
• Utilize recycled or renewable materials materials they supply as well as the sourcing of minerals used.
of products.
• Reduce and eliminate classified toxic or hazardous materials
REACH
• Be packaged more efficiently
We are committed to ensuring all our products manufactured
in or imported into the European Union comply with REACH
PRODUCT COMPLIANCE
legislative requirements. Honeywell has regulatory management
We are committed to ensuring that our products are
systems in place to support ongoing compliance activities to
manufactured to comply with environmental regulations in the
monitor the Candidate List and European Chemical Agency’s
markets we serve.
recommendations for authorization.
Our Global Product Stewardship team is responsible for the
Honeywell has submitted dossier updates when required and
management of environmental compliance activities.
continues to meet communication requirements to downstream
users.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 25