PRINCIPLES
A FIRM FOUNDATION OF PRODUCT
SAFETY AND INTEGRITY
Honeywell maintains extensive product and service safety For example: - BA aligns the Engineering, Quality and Safety teams with
programs across the enterprise, focusing on quality and safety the Design and Manufacturing teams to provide pre-
• Honeywell Aerospace’s safety and integrity initiatives are
throughout the product lifecycle, from design to manufacture product-launch approvals.
administered by the Product Integrity, Product Assurance &
to the marketplace. Each strategic business unit drives safety
Chief Engineering function. - Key metrics such as First Pass Yield, which monitors the
processes through:
robustness of the manufacturing processes; customer
- This function is run in parallel to, but independently from,
• An extensive safety policy with objectives, accountability and field-performance metrics; and the business unit’s Product
the strategic business unit’s other businesses to avoid
responsibilities assigned Safety Global Procedure QP-PSC-01, which addresses
apparent conflict of interests, while safeguarding its
potential safety issues as they arise in pre/post launch
• Safety risk management, which includes hazard identification commitment to safety and integrity.
testing, help ensure a rigorous and scientific approach to
and risk assessment and control
• Honeywell Aerospace’s Safety Management System is used
quality and safety.
• Safety assurance to monitor and assess performance in the Design & Certification Process, Production Systems
• Honeywell Industrial Automation (IA) offers a broad suite of
and Continued Airworthiness Management, and governs
• Safety promotion by engaging in formal training programs
products, services and solutions with a focus on automation,
processes, procedures, personal, equipment and facilities
and communication
productivity and safety. IA cross-functional teams of
standards.
engineers, scientists and product stewardship professionals
The Engineering, Quality, Technology and Research &
- As part of the Safety Management System, Honeywell
use a phase-gate approach to bring new offerings to market,
Development teams within Honeywell’s strategic business units
identifies the customer and regulatory requirements,
and IA legal and regulatory teams are integrated in product
use development phase gates to assess new offerings’ safety
including AS9100 standards, and the approved product
development to bring a continued focus on compliance with
and quality, and work closely with the company’s Regulatory,
design requirements.
applicable regulations.
Product Stewardship and Legal functions to properly address
relevant regulatory, labeling and marketing requirements. • Honeywell Energy and Sustainability Solutions (ESS) safety
• Product assurance and safety are a key part of Honeywell
programs provide a comprehensive framework to drive
Connected Enterprise’s software release management
Due to the diversified product offerings across the enterprise,
continuous improvement in product safety and stewardship.
process. Product Compliance, Engineering and Product
quality and safety programs are tailored to specific regulatory
Management teams conduct a software assurance review
guidelines and jurisdictional rules. Risk assessments are - Among other things, ESS integrates health and safety
using standardized checklists and methodology to evaluate
conducted throughout Honeywell’s operations as products are considerations into all aspects of its business, with a focus
all software products. Software goes through a testing
developed, introduced and produced. on driving compliance with all applicable regulations.
and quality management process before release and is
To ensure Honeywell’s products and services meet the highest • In dealing with product and service safety risk assessments,
consistently updated through its lifecycle.
standards, employees receive regular training, products and product/service objectives or targets, and regular external
services are monitored for safety, and emergency response product/service safety audits, Honeywell Building Automation
procedures are regularly tested. (BA) drives success by focusing on quality and safety through
the product lifecycle.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 57