PLANET
BIODIVERSITY
At Honeywell, we recognize the critical importance of As part of our RRG activities, Honeywell actively revitalizes Honeywell received approval from the New York State
biodiversity in maintaining the health of our planet and ecosystems. Over the past 20 years, Honeywell has remediated Department of Environmental Conservation to remediate a
supporting sustainable development. Biodiversity is essential and restored 3,000 acres, including 2,800 acres of biodiverse non-hazardous landfill with an innovative approach known as
for ecosystem resilience, and is crucial for human well-being, habitats. These efforts rehabilitate former industrial sites the Agri-photovoltaic (“Agri-PV”) remedy. The Agri-PV system
economic prosperity, and environmental health. As a global and promote biodiversity by creating vibrant, natural habitats consists of solar panels acting in concert with a stormwater
leader in industrial technology, Honeywell is integrating that support diverse wildlife and plant species. A standout management system and native vegetation, reducing surface
biodiversity conservation into our business operations and project is the restoration of Onondaga Lake in Syracuse, N.Y., water infiltration. The first 80-acre area is currently under
sustainability strategies. once considered the most polluted lake in North America. construction and consists of three, five-megawatt (MW)
Through this effort, 1.1 million native plants were introduced, community solar farms slated for operation in 2025. Once
We have conducted a biodiversity impact assessment
transforming the area into a thriving ecosystem with completed, this unique remediation approach will provide
and evaluated our global sites based on their proximity to
approximately 290 wildlife species and 140 unique bird species. renewable electricity to community members, as well as a
protected areas, key biodiversity areas, IUCN Red List Species,
habitat for wildlife and various pollinator species such as bees
and biomes. From these biodiversity-sensitive locations,
and butterflies.
we selected pilot sites to further evaluate their biodiversity
impacts and opportunities. Utilizing the Exploring Natural
Capital Opportunities, Risks, and Exposure (ENCORE) tool, the
assessment yielded several key outcomes:
• Analyzed biodiversity impacts and materiality rankings by
industry to help identify the potential impacts of our activities
on biodiversity.
• Created a visual heatmap of potential biodiversity impacts and
opportunities across Honeywell operations.
• Identified common biodiversity and nature-related risks
across our sites, which are helping to inform future strategies.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 24