PEOPLE
INSIGHTS
Shannon Bathis Khenda McIntee David “DJ” Johnson
Senior Director Transformation Sr. IT Business Partner – Vice President – Honeywell
FROM SOME
– Accelerator in Building Commercial Excellence & Federal Solutions
Automation and Global LGBTQ+ Customer Experience and and HBEN Leader
Employee Network Leader HYPE Co-Chair
OF OUR
“When I joined Honeywell in 2003, I did not “As the global co-lead for HYPE and being “As a member of multiple employee networks,
EMPLOYEE immediately feel it safe to disclose that I was an early career myself, I am passionate about they’ve shown me how we can nurture
part of the LGBTQ+ community. Over time, and helping other early careers navigate their professional development by promoting diversity,
with a great ally, a safe space was created for first corporate job and help them succeed. I fostering engagement and sparking innovation.
NETWORK
The networks provided me with more learning
me to share, and it enabled me to bring my true understand the unique challenges of working
opportunities, making me want to stay and grow
self to the work environment and focus all my at a Fortune 100 global company and I believe
LEADERS
with Honeywell. Each of my network affiliations
efforts on achieving in my job role. Since then, it’s crucial to have a supportive community
has been a forum where I’ve forged connections,
it’s been humbling to be part of the I&D and where individuals can connect, share
exchanged insights and offered mutual support
Employee Network community and help create experiences, and grow together. HYPE has
— all of which have been critical to my personal
the environment that encourages you to be been invaluable to my growth, both personally
and professional advancement. I have seen first-
The global leaders of Honeywell’s employee
your authentic self.” and professionally, and has reinforced the
hand how our employee networks encourage
networks are active participants and advocates
importance of community and collaboration in
innovation that fuel solutions for our customers’
for inclusion and diversity at Honeywell, taking
achieving our goals.”
most challenging issues.”
the initiative to foster a truly inclusive and
supportive workplace.
Avishkar Madar Lisa Bickel T.J. Pope
Director of Engineering in Chief Labor & Employment Sr. Director – Engines Growth
Aerospace Technologies Leader in Aerospace Technologies
Counsel – Aerospace
and HYPE Co-Chair and HVEN Leader
Technologies and All Abilities
Employee Network Leader
“As the most senior member of the HYPE “I am the mother of quadruplets, two of whom “I’ve had great experiences as a Veteran at
steering committee, it has been exciting to were disabled. My Honeywell managers have Honeywell, even with a year-long absence
see our early career members develop their always supported me as I navigated working for a military deployment. I know the positive
skills and confidence. The employee network as a Honeywell executive and my family outcomes of my experiences were due to my
is a sandbox for the future leaders of our situation. My disabled daughter died of cancer leaders, but that should be consistent for all
company to develop soft skills that will be in December of 2019. Honeywell launched employees. I took on a leadership role in HVEN
needed throughout their career. Skills we the All-Abilities Network in the fall of 2020, to help educate and train the organization
all need throughout our careers, like project and I volunteered to lead it as a way to honor and ensure all Veterans have the positive
management, influential leadership and my daughter and support the inclusion of experiences I’ve had.”
executive communication are practiced employees with disabilities and caregivers
regularly within the employee networks.” working at Honeywell.”
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 35