PLANET
MINIMIZING
WASTE
Honeywell manages waste in accordance with all regulatory In addition to any regulatory reporting requirements, sites
requirements while also seeking to minimize waste generation must also adhere to internal reporting requirements so we
and environmental impacts. All of our locations and functions can maintain a global inventory of waste data, including both
are required to manage waste in accordance with our HSEPS hazardous and non-hazardous metrics.
Management System, which includes:
Each of our strategic business groups must establish annual
targets for reducing hazardous waste as normalized by revenue
• Detailed characterization and classification of all hazardous
and improving non-hazardous diversion rates (diverting waste
and non-hazardous waste streams.
from landfills).
• Process of due diligence and impact assessment for all
Honeywell executes waste reduction projects in support of our
facilities receiving hazardous waste from our operations,
goals and as part of our global sustainability efforts. Waste
including a review and approval process by a global team;
reduction projects, often identified via a kaizen process, are
Honeywell’s hazardous waste streams are only permitted to
tracked in our project database from conception through
be sent to these approved facilities.
execution.
• Annual duty of care assessments of all receiving facilities and
Recent project examples:
transporters of Honeywell’s waste, including compliance with
local regulations and permitting requirements and ability to • Southend, United Kingdom: The site worked with their
hazardous waste contractor to improve their degreasing
handle our waste streams, prior to any waste movement.
process by adding filters to the degreasing tanks and
• On-site management of waste streams to prevent releases
extending the solvent cycle to 12 weeks to achieve a reduction
and impact on the environment, including container of 540 liters of hazardous waste per year. The site also
management and spill prevention. optimized their plastic wrapping processes for finished parts
and retail packaging, resulting in the elimination of over a ton
• Annual training for all employees and contractors who
plastic wrap per year.
perform waste-related activities.
• Hlubocky, Czech Republic: The site installed an
• Annual, or more frequent, audits of waste movements to
ultrafiltration system to reduce hazardous waste generated
confirm compliance and identify opportunities for waste
during production. This filtration technology will also
reduction and diversion.
improve efficiency of wastewater treatment, enabling treated
water to be used for a longer period of time and reduce the
A verification program and independent internal audits measure
consumption of activated carbon required for production. This
compliance with our requirements and identify opportunities for
project reduced hazardous waste and has resulted in annual
continuous improvement of our waste management standards.
operational savings of approximately $73,000.
1 Sustainability-oriented offerings are solutions that help improve safety, environmental impact, health, security, resilience and accountability. Methodology for
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 20
identifying sustainability-oriented offerings is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/Identification of Sustainability-Oriented Offerings”).