PRINCIPLES
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY SUPPLY CHAIN DUE DILIGENCE
Honeywell understands the importance of supplier diversity in Screening of New Suppliers
creating a more inclusive and equitable business environment.
Honeywell has an ongoing policy of screening and vetting new
Our supplier diversity strategy is carefully designed to promote
suppliers. As part of the screening process, Honeywell considers
supplier diversity, foster inclusion and create equal opportunities
vetted reliable sources that identify supplier compliance risks,
within our procurement processes.
including labor and human rights, fraud, illegal activities,
We’ve established clear policies and procedures that effectively corruption, environmental crimes, trade risks and other
guide our team in executing our supplier diversity program. Supplier Code of Business Conduct considerations. Identified
These best practices are continuously reviewed and refined, compliance risks are reviewed and vetted by subject matter
ensuring our environment actively promotes supplier diversity, experts.
inclusion and equitable access opportunities.
Ongoing Monitoring of Existing Suppliers
wages and benefits, air emissions, protection of intellectual
Our supplier diversity program leverages tools with industry-
In addition, Honeywell has implemented a real-time continuous property, environmental impact, reasonable work hours and
leading data to ensure accuracy and compliance. Through
monitoring diligence program that applies to existing suppliers. human trafficking.
collaboration with a trusted third-party organization, we have
The monitoring program considers vetted reliable sources
This process includes conducting thorough on-site audits that
established a robust system to maintain a transparent and
and monitors for a variety of compliance risks, including labor
gather information from an on-site walkthrough, employee and
reliable record of our supplier diversity spend.
and other human rights, fraud, illegal activities, corruption,
management interviews, and documentation review of payroll
Furthermore, by partnering with this third-party organization environmental crimes, trade risks, sanctions and other
information, policies, training logs, permits, verification of waste
that specializes in supplier diversity tracking, we ensure small Supplier Code of Business Conduct considerations. The
management procedures and workers’ safety conditions.
and diverse suppliers looking to partner with our organization program considers and applies different levels of screening
Corrective Action and Remediation
can use the support of our third-party agency to assist with for each supplier, depending upon a variety of risk factors that
getting certified. Resources are offered through the Supplier includes geography and industry. Review and clearance by an
Honeywell implements corrective action plans to remediate
Diversity Portal. appropriate subject matter expert is required when a supplier
risks or findings identified through supplier screening,
generates a finding against any of the compliance or Supplier
monitoring or audit programs, up to and including suspension or
We recognize the value and strength diverse-owned companies
Code of Business Conduct elements.
termination of the supplier.
bring to our supply chain, and we are committed to supporting
and empowering these businesses. Supplier On-Site Audits Examples of significant findings might include.
Each year, we work with qualified third parties to conduct on-
• Labor and Human Rights: Excessive overtime, unpaid hours,
site audits of certain higher-risk suppliers using a standardized
involuntary labor or unfair treatment, including discrimination
assessment that incorporates the requirements of our Supplier
and harassment.
Code of Business Conduct. We prioritize higher-risk suppliers
• Health and Safety: No health permits or health audits;
when selecting suppliers for on-site audits, based on an analysis
blocked, unmarked or unlighted emergency exits; and
that takes into account global high-risk geographies, spend,
improper or no personal protective equipment.
industry and other elements as prescribed by the Integrity and
Compliance function and the Law Department. Risk factors • Environmental: Missing or expired permits, hazardous waste
assessed in the audits include, but are not limited to, child labor, discharge and improper chemical storage.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 55