PLANET
OUR JOURNEY TO
CARBON NEUTRALITY
Decarbonization Strategy Example
Honeywell looks for opportunities to upgrade and make existing equipment more energy efficient through
the replacement of assets such as compressors and pumps with newer, more efficient designs. We also
Energy Efficiency
take advantage of opportunities to capture waste energy through the installation of boiler economizers
and upgraded heat exchangers.
Honeywell has entered into an agreement to invest in a utility scale solar project in Louisiana that is
expected to reduce its Scope 2 footprint by approximately 80,000 metric tons per year. In addition,
Renewable Energy
Honeywell is closing several waste beds in Syracuse, New York using solar panels that will generate
renewable energy for the local community.
As hydrogen becomes available near our large manufacturing plants, Honeywell will pursue opportunities
Fuel Switching
to replace natural gas with hydrogen for boilers and other industrial equipment.
Honeywell currently uses natural gas-fired boilers for comfort heating and the generation of process
steam at many of our manufacturing plants. We are developing a plan to replace several of these boilers
Electrification
with electric boilers and/or heat pumps between now and 2035. Honeywell has also deployed a program
to electrify its vehicle fleet by 2035.
Honeywell is identifying opportunities at our sites to deploy our Advanced Solvent Carbon Capture
Carbon Capture
process that removes CO from flue gas so it can be utilized or stored instead of entering the environment.
2
Honeywell continues to develop and deploy technology aimed toward reducing process emissions at its
Process Emissions manufacturing facilities. For example, Honeywell’s Rebellion cameras can detect emissions in real-time,
allowing for fast response and resolution.
Honeywell will invest in renewable fuels such as sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) and renewable natural
Market-Based Instruments gas. If needed to achieve carbon neutrality, Honeywell will also invest in credible carbon offsets. Credible
carbon offsets will come from projects that are technology-based, metered, and permanently store
(Credible Offsets & Renewable Fuels)
captured carbon.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 16