PRINCIPLES
DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY BY DESIGN ISO 27001 certification for certain businesses and complies INCIDENT RESPONSE
with the IASME standard. Further, we have completed the
Honeywell applies data privacy and security-by-design Honeywell maintains robust data privacy and cybersecurity
Saudi Aramco CyberSecurity Compliance Cerificate (CCC),
principles from the beginning stages of the development of incident response policies and procedures that allow us to
CyberVadis and Cyber GRX Tier 3 assessments and maintain a
products, processes, systems and services involving personal respond responsibly and promptly to potential data security
cybersecurity insurance policy. Honeywell leverages a defensive
data, leveraging a robust Privacy Impact Assessment program incidents. Our incident response standards, processes
in-depth model for cybersecurity, enabling multiple levels of
and data lifecycle design practices. Our processes incorporate and procedures include incident identification, response
protection against threats. Our integration of protective and
data privacy and cybersecurity starting at the beginning of any management, root cause analysis and reporting, including
detective controls helps us prevent, defend and rapidly respond
new product development process, in-depth security testing appropriate disclosures to regulators, law enforcement, affected
to security risks for both our internal systems and customer-
throughout the development process and review before those individuals, customers and other stakeholders in accordance
facing products and services. Our program is built on industry
products or services are released, updated or offered for sale to with law, contract and relevant standards.
standards and constantly evolves to meet the ever-changing
Honeywell customers. Our approach to product cybersecurity
threat landscape.
also includes vulnerability management, incident response and
security bulletins. With Honeywell’s strong data privacy and
AUDIT
security-by-design program, customers know they can rely on
Honeywell’s Corporate Audit department provides independent
Honeywell to supply products and services that respect data
assurance in accordance with Institute of Internal Auditors
privacy and security principles while helping them comply with
standards (IIA). Corporate Audit is directly responsible to
applicable law. To strengthen the confidence our customers
Honeywell’s Audit Committee on behalf of the Board of
place in us, in 2024 we created a new Data Privacy Trust
Directors and is not constrained by management in the
Center available on our internet site to demonstrate our strong
performance of its duties.
commitment to data privacy.
Corporate Audit periodically evaluates Honeywell’s
CYBERSECURITY
governance and operations related to cybersecurity and
Honeywell’s cybersecurity framework safeguards the privacy to determine that risks are appropriately identified and
confidentiality, integrity and availability of information assets managed, and ensure compliance to the Company’s policies
and ensures that all regulatory, operational and contractual and procedures, and adherence to all applicable laws and
requirements are fulfilled. Our policies and practices include regulations.
regular internal and external audits; vulnerability assessments
SUPPLIER RISK MANAGEMENT
and penetration testing of the company’s systems, products
and practices; and robust measures to monitor and respond
Honeywell’s Supplier Risk Management standard establishes
to data breach and cybersecurity incidents. The framework
requirements for engaging and managing suppliers who
is aligned to industry standards including: NIST SP 800-171,
process, store, produce, communicate with or otherwise access
International Organization for Standardizations (ISO) 27001,
Honeywell information, assets or services. Our Supplier Code
27702 and 22301, Payment Card Industry Data Security
of Business Conduct and contracts require suppliers to comply
Standard (PCI DSS), Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) and the Cloud
with privacy and cybersecurity requirements, and suppliers that
Security Alliance (CSA) program. In addition, the company
process personal data on behalf of Honeywell or our customers
has received Cyber Essential Scheme (CES+) certification and
are required to comply with stringent data processing standards.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 50