PEOPLE
I&D
IN ACTION
TALENT ACQUISITION empowering sessions in Bogotá, Colombia aimed at inspiring
secondary school girls. A group of 24 dedicated Futureshapers
National partner of the year for the 49th National Society of
shared their personal narratives and professional insights,
Black Engineers (NSBE) annual convention
encouraging these young students to pursue their dreams with
At the 49th National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) Annual conviction. Through eight impactful sessions, they imparted
Convention, Honeywell was named National Partner of the Year. valuable advice and recounted the challenges they faced along
The event, held in Kansas City, Missouri, saw a team of over 100 their career paths, ultimately reaching and inspiring over 300
Futureshapers attending to recruit new engineers. From 2020 to students to believe in their potential and forge their own futures.
2023, Honeywell has been continually involved in and invested
in NSBE at all levels, including the NSBE/Honeywell Integrated INNOVATION
Pipeline Program (NHIPP), the Summer Engineering Experience
Driving accessible innovation
for Kids (SEEK) program, and the Professional Development
The annual Ideathon, hosted by the AllAbilities Employee
Conference. Honeywell has agreed to another four years of
Network, celebrates and showcases innovations aimed at
support. During NSBE49, Honeywell sponsored the Career Fair
shaping a more accessible future. This employee-driven
Prep Center, which was open to all conference attendees. A
competition encourages Futureshapers from across the
team of volunteer Futureshapers provided professional career
enterprise to submit their ideas for accessibility-driven solutions
services to over 2,000 undergraduate and graduate students
and offerings. Employees then cast their vote for the top 10
over the course of three days. In addition to sponsoring the
ideas, culminating in a panel of executive judges selecting the
Career Fair Prep Center, Honeywell employees hosted two
winner during the annual A11Y awards. In 2023, the Ideathon
professional development workshops focused on leadership
produced the ideation of the Inclusive Fire Life Safety System
and professional growth. The 2023 convention marked another
in Building Automation, which was prominently featured at
successful year for Honeywell, with full-time and internship
the Honeywell Growth Symposium. This event showcases
offers extended to more than 50 students.
how Inclusion & Diversity (I&D) drives innovation and fosters
TALENT DEVELOPMENT a collaborative spirit among Futureshapers, highlighting our
commitment to accessibility and inclusivity.
Spotlight on Latin America’s (LATAM) Women Development
Program
The LATAM Women Development Program, in collaboration
with the Inspiring Girls Foundation, orchestrated a series of
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 33