PRINCIPLES
CHARTING A PATH FORWARD
WITH POLITICAL ACCOUNTABILITY
Engagement in the political process is critical to Honeywell’s • Streamlined and direct access to federal, state and local independent, nonemployee directors. Each year, the CGRC
success. The company’s future growth depends on forward- lobbying reports. receives an annual report on the company’s policies and
thinking legislation and regulation that makes society safer, practices regarding political contributions.
• Identification of trade associations receiving membership
more energy efficient and improves public infrastructure.
dues of $50,000 or more from Honeywell annually and the The Senior Vice President of Global Government Relations
Honeywell strives to engage responsibly in the political process,
corresponding nondeductible portion of the dues. reports to the CGRC each year on trade association
and to ensure that participation is consistent with all applicable
memberships and to the full Board on the global lobbying
laws and regulations, principles of good governance and high Annually, Honeywell conducts an evaluation of our lobbying
and government relations program. The CGRC’s oversight
standards of ethical conduct. activities and the public statements of trade associations that
of the company’s political activities ensures compliance
receive membership dues of $50,000 or more from Honeywell
Honeywell is committed to providing transparent disclosure
with applicable law and alignment with its policies, strategic
to assess alignment with the goals of the Paris Agreement.
of political contributions and lobbying activities. Based on
priorities, Code of Business Conduct and values.
Honeywell issued a publicly available report that describes
feedback from stakeholders, Honeywell has continued to
enhance its political engagement disclosures. The Center for Honeywell’s climate-related lobbying activities and assesses In 2020, the company established a bipartisan Advisory
Political Accountability rates Honeywell as a “Trendsetter” alignment of these trade associations’ climate-related public Board of leaders representing a cross-section of Honeywell
among first-tier companies. statements with Paris Agreement goals. who meet regularly to review proposed HIPAC and corporate
disbursements to assess alignment with Honeywell’s
Disclosures are available at https://investor.honeywell.com/ The Law Department oversees the company’s lobbying
Foundational Principles: Integrity and Ethics, Inclusion and
corporate-governance/political-contributions. activities. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President of Global
Diversity, and Workplace Respect. The Advisory Board also
Government Relations reports directly to the Senior Vice
Honeywell makes every effort to be accurate and
reviews memberships in third-party organizations (including
President and General Counsel and works closely with the Vice
comprehensive while considering the perspective of the
trade associations) and alignment of proposed disbursements
President and General Counsel of ESG, whose organization
company’s largest shareowners. Disclosures include
with Honeywell’s principles. The Advisory Board meets at the
ensures compliance with all applicable laws with our political
explanations of the company’s rationale for engaging in the
start of each Congress, and at least quarterly thereafter, to
spending policy. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President and General
political process, identifying top legislative and regulatory
determine whether proposed recipients of funding are eligible in
Counsel, and its Senior Vice President of Global Government
priorities and defining governance processes. The company’s
alignment with Honeywell’s foundational values.
Relations, meet regularly with the Chief Executive Officer to
disclosures also address:
review legislative, regulatory and political developments. Advisory Board decisions are documented and reported
• The use of corporate funds for political contributions and
quarterly to the HIPAC Board of Directors and to Honeywell’s
Honeywell’s public policy efforts, including all lobbying
contributions to tax-exempt organizations that may use funds
Chief Executive Officer. Honeywell’s Senior Vice President,
activities, political contributions and payments to trade
for political purposes.
Global Government Relations, also includes notable Advisory
associations and other tax-exempt organizations, are the
• Details regarding Honeywell’s exclusively employee-funded Board decisions in the annual report to the CGRC.
responsibility of the Board’s Corporate Governance and
political action committee, the Honeywell International Political
Responsibility Committee (CGRC), which consists entirely of
Action Committee (HIPAC), including its disbursements.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 58