SASB/TCFD INFORMATION
Table B: Examples of climate-related opportunities with strategies to realize the opportunity
Time horizon
Risk type Potential financial impact (-) Short Medium Long Mitigation strategy
Through the Global Real Estate group, Honeywell consistently seeks energy-efficient alternatives and initiatives
Reduced operating costs
to implement throughout our facilities for new construction, project upgrades and retrofits. In addition,
through efficiency gains and cost
Resource Efficiency X Honeywell has a comprehensive energy efficiency program with periodic audits, goals and project reviews
reductions by moving to more
to completion. There have been more than 6,500 sustainability projects implemented since 2010 with an
efficient buildings
estimated annualized savings of more than $100 million.
Honeywell continuously innovates to expand our portfolio of sustainable products and services. Approximately
60% of our new product research and development investment is directed toward sustainability-oriented
outcomes¹ including offerings related to reducing GHG emissions. In 2023, Honeywell announced the
simplification of its operating structure to focus on three powerful megatrends: automation, the future of
aviation and energy transition. We continue to introduce cutting-edge offerings for a vast number of global
Increase revenue through
Products and Services X markets and industries, with a portfolio of products and solutions including energy efficiency, electrification,
demand for sustainable products
net zero enablers, health, safety and security, circularity, and measurement and reporting. Climate-related
scenario modeling is part of our annual business planning process. We use socioeconomic climate models
with different scenario assumptions to determine product strategy and customer impact for products that
address greenhouse gas emissions, energy efficiency and changes in fuel use such as decarbonization,
renewable fuels and power.
Our Government Relations team identifies and assesses emerging trends and advocates for favorable policies,
Better competitive position legislation and regulation globally to promote clean energy and energy efficiency. Changes in regulations,
to reflect shifting consumer increases in the demand for advanced building controls and energy efficient products, and the transition
X
preferences, resulting in to a lower-carbon economy support demand for our sustainable products. We estimate that Honeywell
increased revenues technologies will have a cumulative impact of mitigating 2.0 billion metric tons of CO2e between 2023 and
2030.²
1 Sustainability-oriented offerings are solutions that help improve safety, environmental impact, health, security, resilience and accountability. Methodology for identifying sustainability-oriented offerings is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/
ESG Information/Identification of Sustainability-Oriented Offerings”). ² Methodology for estimating GHG mitigation impact is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/GHG Mitigation Impact of Honeywell Technologies”).
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 66