PRINCIPLES
INTEGRITY
AND COMPLIANCE
Our Code of Business Conduct defines a baseline set of defense to support our daily business operations. The company BOARD OVERSIGHT
requirements articulating how we treat employees, customers, has a dedicated Integrity and Compliance organization that is
The Board of Directors has overall oversight responsibility for
suppliers, shareholders and communities around the world. led by the Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer and the
integrity and compliance at Honeywell, and the Corporate
It also empowers employees to recognize and report integrity Vice President and General Counsel, ESG, who also serves as
Governance and Responsibility Committee (CGRC), the
and compliance issues, and to contribute toward upholding a Secretary of the Board. Both have direct access to the Board of
Audit Committee and the Management Development and
work environment where everyone is treated ethically and with Directors.
Compensation Committee (MDCC) each play a role in providing
respect.
These individuals co-chair the Corporate Integrity and oversight over Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance program.
Through close collaboration with risk area owners and subject Compliance Council, which includes integrity and compliance
The CGRC receives reports from the Chief Compliance Officer.
matter experts, Honeywell revises the Code of Business representatives from each strategic business group and region,
Topics reported by the Chief Compliance Officer include the
Conduct every year to ensure it remains up to date. Our Code is as well as representatives from key compliance functions
company’s integrity and ethics program, whistleblower and
offered in 28 languages. such as Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, Health and Safety, and
investigations program, ethics assessment results and critical
Procurement. The Council monitors compliance with Honeywell
The Code affirms our commitment to:
regulatory compliance programs.
policies and applicable laws and regulations, evaluates and
• Workplace respect, diversity and inclusion
monitors trends arising from misconduct investigations,
The Audit Committee receives annual reports regarding
promotes awareness of integrity and compliance topics
• A work environment in which employees can communicate
the company’s compliance risk management program and
throughout the organization, shares insights from employee
openly and voice concerns without fear of retaliation,
quarterly reports detailing significant accounting and controls
ethical culture surveys, drives best practices, provides feedback
intimidation or harassment
investigations, along with disciplinary and other corrective
on global integrity and compliance program enhancements and
• A safe and healthy workplace actions taken in response to substantiated allegations.
assists in development and implementation of integrity and
• Honest and fair business practices, avoiding conflicts of compliance initiatives.
The MDCC receives quarterly summaries detailing any
interests and prohibiting improper payments
The integrity and compliance representatives from the strategic significant, substantiated human resources investigations
• Maintaining accurate books and records business groups and regions are responsible for effective (including those involving discrimination, harassment,
implementation and continuing effectiveness of integrity workplace respect and workplace violence) and disciplinary
• Robust data privacy, sound cybersecurity practices and
and compliance initiatives in the areas they represent. Their actions taken in response.
responsible AI
responsibilities include monitoring trends and concerns
arising from misconduct investigations, providing feedback
ORGANIZATION AND LEADERSHIP
on the program and sharing lessons learned for continuous
Honeywell’s Integrity and Compliance Program is a Corporate
improvement.
Center of Excellence that provides a strong second line of
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 45