PEOPLE
EMPOWERING
I&D
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS engaging with Historically Black Colleges Empowering Women Engineers
and Universities (HBCUs). Over 30 driven
Honeywell is proud to support the Society of
Honeywell Women’s Employee Network and talented students were welcomed at our
Women Engineers (SWE), an organization
(HWEN) and Robogals Unite to inspire STEM annual HBCU summit in October 2023, which
dedicated to advancing women in engineering
students in the Pacific highlighted our company’s culture, core values
and the STEM community. In 2023, seven
and available opportunities. These students
HWEN’s Pacific chapter sponsored several Futureshapers were honored by SWE for their
had the opportunity to engage with our top
Robogals University organizations in cities remarkable contributions to the STEM field and
executives, gain insights into our business
including Melbourne, Sydney, Perth and their efforts in promoting the advancement
sectors and technologies and take part in
Auckland. Robogals, a global initiative, focuses of women in engineering including Aerospace
interviews and workshops.
on inspiring and empowering young women Technologies engineer Thea Feyereisen
to consider careers in STEM through various who received the Achievement Award for
Honeywell’s partnership with the Society
activities such as workshops, camps and her visionary work in aviation electronics
of Hispanic Professional Engineers
outreach programs. This impactful partnership and making air travel safer. This recognition
enabled HWEN to promote Honeywell at Honeywell is a proud partner of the Society of not only highlights the incredible impact of
Robogals events and build relationships with Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE), the our women engineers but also underscores
university groups to attract and recruit diverse largest association in the U.S. for Hispanics and our commitment to fostering an inclusive
talent. The effort also tapped into a robust Latinos in STEM careers. In 2023, Honeywell and supportive workplace. Our partnership
talent pipeline of young women passionate attended the national convention, which with SWE exemplifies our dedication to I&D,
about STEM, attracting talent from different provided an amazing opportunity to network empowering our women Futureshapers to
backgrounds to enrich Honeywell’s business with a diverse group of talented engineers excel, innovate and lead in their careers. We
with their unique cultures and experiences. and candidates from various backgrounds continue to work with SWE to uplift the next
and fields. Our relationship with SHPE has
generation of women engineers by sponsoring
Honeywell’s Black Employee Network a significant impact on our recruitment
scholarships and utilizing SWE as a vital talent
(HBEN) Leverages Partners to Cultivate a efforts and helps us foster a pipeline for the
pipeline.
Robust Talent Pipeline most talented Futureshapers in STEM. This
partnership enables us to attract and hire top
In collaboration with the National Society of
talent, ensuring that our workforce reflects the
Black Engineers, HBEN successfully recruited
diverse communities we serve and reinforcing
and onboarded approximately 58 interns and
our commitment to diversity and inclusion.
new hires in 2023. In 2023 HBEN further
strengthened Honeywell’s talent pipeline by
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 37