PRINCIPLES
INTEGRITY AND ETHICS CERTIFICATION, TRAINING and report any instances of ethical misconduct. The Integrity
and Compliance team works with the Communications
AND COMMUNICATION
Department to establish an annual communications plan based
To hold our workforce to Honeywell’s integrity and ethics
on misconduct violation trends, enterprise risk management
standards, all officers and employees, where permitted by law,
results and audit findings. The communications plan includes
are required to complete annual Code of Business Conduct
initiatives to drive integrity awareness communications across
training, and Honeywell requires all officers and employees to
Honeywell, including through town halls, newsletters and
annually certify their compliance with its tenets.
monthly integrity awareness manager toolkits that provide
Honeywell is committed to obtaining annual Code of Business people managers with ready-to-use materials to support
Conduct certification from 100% of all eligible employees at discussion of integrity and compliance topics with their teams.
all levels of the organization, including production employees, Monthly integrity awareness communications have covered
While Honeywell works hard to identify, incentivize and reward
part-time employees and interns. The completion status of this topics such as workplace respect, diversity and inclusion,
those who do the right thing, it also takes swift and decisive
training and certification requirement is reported to the CGRC conflicts of interest, anti-corruption and the importance of
action, including notifying government authorities and imposing
each year. accurate books and records.
serious employment action up to and including termination,
Honeywell also requires individual contractors and in compliance with all local requirements, against employees
WHISTLEBLOWER PROGRAM
subcontractors to complete Code of Conduct training as part of found to have engaged in conduct that is a violation of our Code
their onboarding process. Honeywell ensures all allegations of suspected violations of the of Business Conduct, company policy or applicable laws.
Code of Business Conduct, company policies and applicable
Honeywell’s mandatory, annual Code of Business Conduct Honeywell will not tolerate any form of retaliation for good
laws or regulations are investigated promptly, thoroughly,
training and certification process ensures that all eligible faith reporting of actual or potential misconduct and
competently and confidentially.
employees receive training on high-priority integrity and communicates this policy to all employees, including through
compliance topics on a timely and regular basis. Topics that Honeywell provides various mechanisms for employees to training required as part of the annual Code of Business
have been addressed include workplace harassment, conflicts report concerns, such as phone, email and online through Conduct certification process that applies to all employees
of interest, anti-corruption, accurate books and records, health Honeywell’s ACCESS Integrity helpline. where legally permissible. Our no-retaliation policy ensures
and safety, cybersecurity and data privacy. employees who report a compliance concern or suspected
Honeywell’s ACCESS Integrity helpline is a 24-hour, multilingual
violation in good faith will not be subject to any disciplinary
New employees must complete Code of Business Conduct service operated by an independent third-party provider
action or reduction in force without the advance approval of the
training within 30 days of hire. We also assign other that enables any internal or external party to report known or
Law Department. Honeywell investigates and responds to all
comprehensive and mandatory compliance learning within 60 suspected violations.
allegations of retaliation in any form, including but not limited
days of hire depending on the new employee’s role and location,
Anyone who reports a concern has the option to do so
to threats, harassment, reprimands, suspension of payment of
including training related to handling conflicts of interest, anti-
anonymously, where permitted by applicable law.
compensation or benefits, transfers or demotions.
corruption, antitrust, records management, data privacy and
All concerns reported through any of the mechanisms
cybersecurity. For more information, please see our Whistleblower Program
mentioned above are investigated promptly, thoroughly and
Statement.
Honeywell empowers and expects our people managers to
competently in accordance with applicable Honeywell policy
communicate openly with their team members regarding the
and/or law. Honeywell provides feedback on the report to the
importance of conducting themselves with integrity. That
person reporting the issue (if that person is known) within a Honeywell investigates and responds to 100% of
includes fostering an environment that encourages candid
reasonable timeframe.
the allegations reported through ACCESS Integrity.
discussion of integrity and compliance topics and how to raise
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 47