PEOPLE
HEALTH
AND SAFETY
The safety of our employees, contractors, and partners is administrative controls, and/or institute the use of new or EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
a top priority. We use our learn-based operating system different worker personal protective equipment.
Emergency Management Plans are required everywhere we
approach to drive improvements in our safety record.
operate. As part of the plan development process, emergency
TRAINING, COMPETENCY AND AWARENESS
scenarios are evaluated to anticipate, prevent and minimize risks
To establish a uniform standard for evaluation, Honeywell
Through careful risk assessment, we determine the learning
from potential emergencies.
standardizes the internal reporting of occupational injuries
needed for employees to perform their jobs safely and maintain
and illnesses pursuant to U.S. OSHA requirements. Facilities Key community-related elements include:
appropriate levels of competency. The assessment for learning
outside the U.S. are also required to follow any applicable
needs considers assigned responsibilities, abilities, language • Communicating with employees, contractors, visitors, relevant
additional external reporting requirements. Based on this data,
skills, literacy and employee feedback. Based on learning needs, emergency response services, government authorities and the
our global Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), the number of
training plans are developed to ensure that the appropriate local community as appropriate.
occupational injuries and illnesses per 100 employees, was 0.18
level of competence is achieved for the relevant HSE aspects,
at the end of 2023. Utilizing U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, • Annual engagement with external emergency response
impacts, control measures and compliance obligations.
Honeywell’s safety record is more than four times better than providers and local emergency planning committees to
Employees are deemed competent on the basis of education,
the weighted average TRIR of the industries in which it operates. discuss coordination, participation and feedback on potential
training, qualification and/or experience. Training content
emergency response activities.
is developed and delivered by a skilled person or through a
PROTECTING THE WORKFORCE
• A process for responding to raw material, product, process
competent process to assure training objectives are met. The
Our operating locations rely on comprehensive processes and waste material transportation incidents that could occur
effectiveness of training and the overall process is periodically
for assessments of hazards that could pose a risk to workers, away from operating locations.
evaluated.
including employees, contractors and visitors. Based on
• Forums for open dialogue between the community and
At a minimum, all persons doing work under the control of
these assessments, risk mitigation controls are identified,
business representatives to discuss health and safety
Honeywell are made aware of the Sustainable Opportunity
implemented, and monitored to help ensure effective worker
considerations affecting the community.
Policy, significant risks and compliance obligations associated
protections remain in place. Types of assessments include
with their work, and implications of not confirming to HSE
pre-use chemical reviews, ergonomic assessments, personal
requirements.
protective equipment evaluations and inspections, procedure
checks for reporting adverse effects from chemicals, and
routine exposure monitoring for certain chemicals known to
be present in the workplace. Upon identification of a risk, we
implement one or more of the following risk-reducing controls:
eliminate the activity or chemical usage, switch to a lower-
risk activity or chemical, install engineered controls, apply
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 38