PLANET
REVITALIZATION FOR A BETTER FUTURE:
ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION
Like other companies with long, successful histories, many Examples of remediation and redevelopment projects can be
of our former operations were closed or sold years ago and found in our Report on Due Diligence Processes to Identify and
are now considered brownfields. In addition, many of the sites
Address Environmental and Social Risks.
had multiple owners over the years, and most no longer exist.
These historic operations mostly predate the Clean Water
ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION
Act, the Clean Air Act, Superfund regulations, the Resource
PROMOTING SOLAR
Conservation and Recovery Act, and/or the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency and are not a reflection of Honeywell’s RRG incorporates options to maximize net environmental
current operations and processes. benefits of cleanup actions, referred to as “green remediation”
by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. RRG has
Honeywell recognizes idle properties as assets that can be
completed several projects that included solar arrays to
revitalized to mutually benefit communities and the company.
The properties that emerge from this approach galvanize civic minimize the impact to the electrical grid, minimize GHG
pride and catalyze further community development initiatives. emissions and support long-term treatment systems.
Honeywell has spent more than $4 billion over the last 20
years to remediate and restore approximately 3,000 acres for Examples of recent projects:
productive community use. Using cutting-edge science, design
Ironton, Ohio: A one-megawatt (MWdc) ground-mounted
and engineering to protect human health and the environment,
solar array covering 2.3 acres on the site of the former Allied
Honeywell works cooperatively with governments and engages
Tar & Coke plant is designed to supply 100% of the electricity
with local communities and other external stakeholders to
consumed by the community’s groundwater treatment plant,
implement effective solutions.
which consumes about 1.2 million kilowatt hours per year.
Honeywell’s Remediation and Redevelopment Group (RRG)
The project received support from both the federal and Ohio
manages every project and is led by the Global Remediation
environmental protection agencies and local stakeholders,
Vice President. The regulatory framework for environmental
serving as an example of green remediation.
remediation in the United States requires extensive community
engagement and assessment of potential community risks, all
Syracuse, New York: A 680-kilowatt (kWdc) rooftop solar
overseen by government agencies. Honeywell’s work at these
array supplies 100% of electricity consumed by the onsite
sites does not necessarily end when a remedy is complete, as
groundwater treatment plant and nearby pump stations via
we continue to comply with all requirements for environmental
virtual net metering.
remediation, including required monitoring of sites to ensure the
effectiveness of the remedy.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 23