PRINCIPLES
MAINTAINING EXPERTISE IN
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
We believe responsible supply chain management is critical The VP and Chief Procurement Officer has overall responsibility Key elements of our Supplier Code of Business Conduct include:
to upholding our commitment to integrity and compliance, for procurement, supplier risk monitoring and mitigation,
• Labor and Human Rights: Including fair treatment of
mitigating financial risk and acting as a good corporate supplier social responsibility, and supplier adherence to the
employees, no child or involuntary labor, fair wages and
citizen. Supplier Code of Business Conduct.
benefits, subcontractor compliance and acceptable living
The VP and General Counsel, Supply Chain has overall conditions.
Honeywell’s Integrated Supply Chain (ISC) activities are
responsibility for legal compliance of suppliers, including setting
managed by a global team of seasoned professionals who • Health and Safety: Including occupational safety, emergency
standardized contract language to ensure compliance with legal
manage tens of thousands of suppliers around the globe. preparedness and sanitation.
and Honeywell requirements.
Our professionals have expertise in procurement, supply
• Environmental: Including environmental permits, waste, and
management, operations management, logistics, supplier
pollution management; labeling and warning requirements,
SUPPLIER CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT
resiliency and supply chain performance optimization.
hazardous substance management and reporting, and
Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct sets forth
Our management structure ensures we have the necessary appropriate programs to understand and mitigate GHG
our commitment to integrity and compliance within our
expertise to support the breadth and complexity of our supply emissions in their operations, facilities and supply chain.
global supply chain. We require all our suppliers to adhere
chain operations.
to the Supplier Code of Business Conduct and ensure these • Integrity and Compliance: Including books and
recordkeeping, business integrity, protection of intellectual
requirements are also met within their supply chain. Supplier
SUPPLY CHAIN INTEGRITY:
property, substance abuse, responsible sourcing of minerals,
adherence to Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct is
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
adherence to applicable trade controls and quality.
a key consideration when we make sourcing decisions.
Honeywell’s Supplier Code of Business Conduct requires its • Management Systems: Including management
accountability, risk management, training, standards, audits,
suppliers to:
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
third-party diligence and assessments.
• Provide their employees with a safe working environment.
• Treat their workers with dignity and respect.
• Engage in environmentally sound and sustainable
manufacturing processes.
SENIOR AND CHIEF SENIOR VP AND
SUPPLY CHAIN OFFICER GENERAL COUNSEL
• Comply with the law in all countries where they conduct
business.
• Foster a culture in which employees and managers can
VP AND CHIEF VP AND GENERAL COUNSEL communicate openly and raise concerns without fear of
PROCUREMENT OFFICER SUPPLY CHAIN
retaliation, intimidation or harassment.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 54