PEOPLE
INVESTING IN THE STEM WORKFORCE which aims to protect and revive ecosystems
across the globe. Driven by a force of
OF TOMORROW
Honeywell volunteers, we are on track to plant
By integrating workforce development into the
1 million saplings across 10 cities by 2032. In
classroom setting, Honeywell is augmenting
addition, many of the newly-planted trees will
the educational experience for students of
produce fruits and vegetables that can be sold
all ages and providing real-time, hands-on
to generate income.
opportunities to develop skills for the future.
Honeywell recognizes forward-thinking
In South Africa, Honeywell has partnered with
companies and public projects that are
the Gauteng Department of Education to
accelerating environmental impact goals,
provide STEM labs in area schools to boost
including developing affordable, energy-
digital acumen, upskilling local students and
efficient housing, investing in electric vehicles
matching them with STEM-focused jobs.
and infrastructure, and expanding access
Honeywell has developed a partnership with to clean energy. Through programs like
Arizona’s largest school system to ignite Sustain Charlotte, Honeywell is spotlighting
enthusiasm for science and math among the achievements of environmental leaders
students K–12. The Graduation-Plus Initiative, and championing issues that shape the
aimed at high school students, helps students sustainability of our communities.
build robust portfolios, including support on
capstone projects and internships, ensuring
across the country help students build the Honeywell joined Discovery Education, the
they are college-, career- and community-
technical skills and knowledge required to join, world’s leading edtech provider, to address
ready.
compete and succeed in the global industrial the environmental education gap. The newly
automation sector. The Labs focus on skills launched Environmental Education Initiative
ranging from electrical and civil engineering to aims to empower over 10 million students by
automation, computer science and other STEM 2030 to make informed decisions that support
subjects. healthy environments and civic engagement for
all generations. As a coalition, we create digital
ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION education resources and tools for classrooms
TAKES ROOT to inspire students to be changemakers in their
communities.
Closing the gap between knowledge and
action is critical to protecting the environment. Honeywell Hometown Solutions India
Honeywell helps deliver environmental- Foundation (HHSIF), a philanthropic arm of
By forging strong partnerships with universities
focused education and accelerating activations Honeywell, partners with the Give Me Trees
across Romania, Honeywell is helping to
to empower people and businesses to make Trust to launch “Plant the Future - A million
shape a diverse pool of talent. In all, nine
informed decisions that support environmental tree project.” The initiative supports the United
Futureshaper Labs located in universities
integrity and economic viability. Nations Decade on Ecosystem Restoration,
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 41