PEOPLE
INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY:
A FOUNDATIONAL PRINCIPLE
At Honeywell, we know that Inclusion and Throughout the year, Honeywell made Alongside our major milestones, we’ve make our products, solutions and sites more
Diversity (I&D) is central to our mission of important progress in our I&D journey, also seen our employee networks flourish accessible, support local I&D efforts and
solving the world’s toughest challenges. I&D including: during the year. Since their official launch deepen Futureshapers’ understanding of I&D
is woven throughout our business to spark in 2020, the networks expanded to over to create an exceptional workplace experience.
• The introduction of new courses on our
creativity and help us innovate to new heights. 12,000 members and became a hub for
Accelerator learning platform including I am proud of the effort, dedication and passion
As we look back on the strides we’ve made in professional development and new ideas from
topics such as Intersectionality and Inclusive from Futureshapers worldwide that drove our
our I&D journey, it’s clear that this foundational Futureshapers all over the world. In 2023,
Language to broaden our I&D knowledge. I&D initiatives in 2023. Our goal is to continue
principle has enhanced the Futureshaper networks including Heighten Your Professional
this momentum and work together to shape a
• Held our first Employee Network Leadership
experience and been instrumental to our Experience (HYPE), the Honeywell Asian
more inclusive future.
Meetings, bringing together employee
success. In this report, you’ll find that in the Employee Network (HASEN) and the Honeywell
network leaders and Honeywell executives to
past year we’ve reaffirmed our commitment Growing Experience Employee Network
Sandra Barbosa
discuss the impact of employee networks in
to I&D, fostered a diverse talent pipeline (HGEN) all introduced mentorship programs, Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer
driving conversations and innovation.
and promoted a culture that is inclusive and enabling them to nurture talent throughout
accessible, empowering every Futureshaper the enterprise. Other networks including
• We make training available to Futureshapers
across the globe. Honeywell Black Employee Network (HBEN),
to help them better understand how their
the LGBTQ+ Employee Network, Honeywell
prior life experiences might inadvertently
In 2023, Honeywell’s commitment to I&D was
AllAbilities Network, Honeywell Hispanic and
color how they perceive others.
illustrated as we celebrated our second annual
Latin Employee Network (HHLEN), Honeywell
Global I&D Month. The month was honored
• For the first time, we received a top score of
Veterans Employee Network (HVEN) and
with exciting events and thought-provoking
100 on the Disability Equality Index.
Honeywell Women’s Employee Network
conversations, providing Futureshapers a
• Received recognition from several external (HWEN) played a pivotal role in strengthening
platform to engage, learn and grow. The launch
organizations including Disability Matters, the business through recruiting and retaining
of our Inclusive Language Guide during the
Society of Women Engineers, National talent, spurring innovation and developing our
month was another highlight of the year,
Society of Black Engineers, Society of employees.
equipping our employees with the tools and
Hispanic Professional Engineers, Human
resources to have impactful dialogue with As we look ahead, our focus remains on
Rights Campaign in the U.S. and Mexico,
clients, partners and fellow Futureshapers shaping an inclusive and diverse workplace.
India Workplace Equality Index and China’s
We’re not just imagining a future where every
across a wide range of cultures and
Top Employers Institute.
Futureshaper can leverage their unique
backgrounds.
experiences to propel Honeywell’s success
— we’re making it happen. Our mission is to
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 31