PEOPLE
SHAPING THE NEXT
GENERATION OF INNOVATORS
Every community needs a STEM-trained The Honeywell Leadership Challenge Academy Honeywell partnered with the NFL Carolina
workforce of diverse individuals who are curious infuses STEM curriculum and leadership Panthers and two NBA teams, the Charlotte
and eager to solve the world’s most pressing development into a week-long camp for high Hornets and Atlanta Hawks, to challenge
problems. school students. Hosted at the U.S. Space and students to consider all the ways an
Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama, students entertainment destination could be more
Honeywell has partnered with organizations
from around the world form teams to build and sustainable. Students considered the
around the world to make STEM accessible
launch model rockets, successfully complete use of environmentally friendly materials,
and engaging to our next generation of
simulated space missions, and learn new skills incorporating renewable energy sources
Futureshapers. These programs put learning
that apply on earth and in space. Since starting like solar panels and wind turbines, and
into action to inspire young people to
the program in 2010, Honeywell has sponsored implementing water-saving technologies, to
pursue studies and careers in STEM and
more than 3,000 students to attend the unique create innovative solutions of their own. The
sustainability-related disciplines.
space camp experience. winning projects included using water pistons
and automation to move seats and stages with
less energy and converting foot traffic into
energy to power the arena.
Students across Malaysia addressed real-world
sustainability challenges in the Honeywell
STEM For Sustainability Competition.
Following months of mentoring, concept
design and presentation preparation, the
team from Universiti Putra Malaysia won with
an improved design for rainwater harvesting
to reduce utilization of the country’s water
infrastructure. Their prototype addressed
catchment and treatment for residential and
agricultural uses and was equipped with soil
moisture sensors and automated operations.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 40