PLANET
OUR JOURNEY TO
CARBON NEUTRALITY
Our senior leadership, including our Chairman and CEO and of onsite capital projects, energy efficiency, investment in To further support the advancement of our technologies,
Board of Directors, is engaged in decision-making regarding renewable energy projects, and the use of credible market- the ERB oversees the use of our facilities as laboratories for
the company’s climate efforts, and regularly provides oversight based instruments. We are focused on investing in renewable innovation. For example, in 2023, we installed a microgrid at
on climate risks. Honeywell supports the goals of the Paris energy projects and the engineering of capital projects before one of our facilities in Lugoj, Romania. The system generates
Agreement and is committed to advocating for legislation and 2030, as well as the deployment of capital projects and renewable energy to lower the site’s carbon footprint while
public policies that align with the Paris Agreement goals of acquisition of credible market-based instruments between using Honeywell battery energy storage technology to improve
limiting global average temperature rise to well below 2⁰C by 2030 and 2035. The table on the following page describes in resilience. The project successfully started up in late 2023 and
2100. further detail the core strategies that Honeywell plans to utilize will serve as a blueprint for future projects at other Honeywell
in our journey to achieve carbon neutrality by 2035. and customer facilities.
In 2021, we committed to reaching carbon neutrality in
our facilities and operations by 2035. In the same year, we
“We are helping ourselves and our customers
established an ESG Review Board (ERB) consisting of senior
realize Energy Transition opportunities
executives to oversee multiple aspects of ESG including our
and outcomes with low-carbon solutions,
carbon reduction goals.
renewables, and optimization of their industrial
At the direction of the ERB, Honeywell has developed a strategy processes — all with the goal of improving
and plan to achieve our goals that consists of a combination energy efficiency and reducing their overall
carbon footprint.”
Ken West
Honeywell decarbonization strategy:
President and CEO, Energy and
Sustainability Solutions
Carbon Neutral by 2035
~1.4
MILLION
2035
METRIC TONS CO
2
CO e Carbon Neutral
2
2023 Emissions Energy Renewable Fuel Plant Fleet Carbon Process Market Based
Efficiency Energy Switching Electrification Electrification Capture Emissions Instruments
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 15