PEOPLE
Throughout 2023, we led well-being The Employee Assistance Program (EAP), To support the diversity of our workforce
ENGAGING OUR FUTURESHAPERS
campaigns to provide visibility for resources available to all employees and their family across the globe, Honeywell offers a number
and available benefits across a range of topics, members globally, is a vital component of of country-specific benefit enhancements
Voice of the Employee
including health and wellness programs, caring our mental health resources. The EAP offers that cover flexible benefits, infertility services,
Listening, learning and taking action are key
for your family and taking care of finances. therapy sessions, comprehensive mental tutoring and support for raising children, surgery
components of our engagement approach.
Mental health remains an important topic for health benefits for those enrolled in the U.S. support and health and wellness incentive-
Honeywell’s Voice of the Employee (VOE)
us globally and was promoted during Mental medical plan, virtual mental health options, based challenges and information platforms.
feedback survey is conducted annually with all
Health Awareness Month in May, as well as navigation tools to improve access and speed
global Futureshapers. It provides data and tools
World Mental Health Day in October. of care and preventive/mental health resilience
to leaders at all levels to best drive actionable
plans around employee engagement and build
Honeywell’s desired culture that attracts and
PHYSICAL
retains top talent, improves performance and
Understand personal health risks and the tools available to address them.
distinguishes the company as a great place to
work.
MENTAL
Access the behavioral healthcare system through multiple channels.
In our most recent survey, not only did we have
a 90% response rate across the company
FINANCIAL
globally with over 107,000 written comments,
Understand any financial gaps, set goals and utilize tools and resources to achieve goals.
our employee engagement scores continue to
rise year-over-year. Rising engagement scores INDIVIDUAL
are directly correlated with improved retention
Programs and policies that provide support of our diverse workforce.
and manager performance.
Insights gained showed Futureshapers are
programs. In addition to these offerings, a
excited about the future of Honeywell, how Highlights of our programming included
variety of live and virtual events were hosted at
their role contributes to the company’s success webinars on “Minding your Mental Health” and
our site facilities throughout 2023, many led by
and how committed they are to customers' introducing a new, global forum for managers
the EAP. These events covered topics such as
needs. on how to support employee well-being.
managing stress, caregiving, raising children
We introduced a suite of new benefits focused and self-care, reinforcing our commitment
Well-being
on employee well-being globally, such as to the well-being of our employees and their
At Honeywell, we understand that well-being
extended outpatient coverage in Korea, families.
is holistic. As part of our Futureshaper “Make
enhanced health screenings in Hong Kong,
Our flexible 3+ work arrangement underscores
the Best You” principle, our well-being strategy
Macau, and the Philippines and a new Milk
our overall well-being strategy and helps
provides benefits and resources across
Stork service, which ensures free transportation
support Futureshapers with the flexibility
physical, mental, financial, individual and
of breast milk for global Honeywell employees
they need while providing opportunities for
community needs, helping Futureshapers and
traveling or commuting around the world.
connection and collaboration while in the
their families be their best, both personally and
Additionally, we maintained employee medical
office.
professionally.
premiums in the U.S. at the same rate for the
sixth consecutive year.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 30