SASB/TCFD INFORMATION
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s
businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
Summary response Recommended disclosure Disclosure location
Honeywell’s diverse portfolio of products, solutions, end-markets
and business models — along with our decentralized operational a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified CDP Climate Change Report
footprint and our rigorous risk identification, assessment and planning
over the short, medium, and long term. TCFD Information Table A & Table B
processes — help mitigate the impact of climate-related risks. We
do not believe climate-related risks are reasonably likely to have a
material effect in the foreseeable future on the company’s business
or the markets it serves, nor on our results of operations, capital
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s CDP Climate Change Report
expenditures, or financial position. Honeywell is uniquely positioned to
businesses, strategy, and financial planning. TCFD Information Table A & Table B
help shape a safer future with less environmental impact. We continue
to invent and develop technologies that provide our customers with
adaptable and efficient solutions to address their safety, energy and
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration
CDP Climate Change Report
environmental needs.
different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario
Risk Management
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
Summary response Recommended disclosure Disclosure location
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related
CDP Climate Change Report
Honeywell regularly assesses risks and opportunities at both a
risks.
company-wide and asset-specific level to determine both probability
of occurrence and potential impact to the business. This assessment
is incorporated into our standard business planning and opportunity
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. CDP Climate Change Report
and risk management processes. While risk and opportunity
management are part of our standard business operations, the Board
has responsibility for risk oversight and regularly reviews top-level,
strategic, operational, reporting and compliance risks. c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related
CDP Climate Change Report
risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 63