FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS
This report contains certain statements that may be deemed “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than
statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management intends, expects, projects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-
looking statements. We use words such as aim, anticipate, believe, commit, drive, estimate, ensure, expect, goal, intend, may, mission, plan, project, seek, strategy, strive, target, will and would or similar
expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In particular, such statements may include but are not limited to: (1) statements which may relate to our purpose, ambitions, aims, commitments,
targets, plans, and objectives, and sustainability goal progress; (2) environmental, health, and safety (EHS) data as it relates to the environment, safety performance, management systems,
implementation, and regulatory compliance, including data collection systems at applicable sites that track and collect EHS data through the corporate-wide EHS reporting systems; (3) social
data as it relates to employee metrics, social practices and community engagement programs derived from our various databases; (4) responsible sourcing of materials and the related responsible
sourcing systems and data; and (5) statements about actions of suppliers and partners or our work with them. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by
our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be
appropriate, many of which are difficult to predict and outside our control. The forward-looking statements included in this report are also subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties that
may cause actual results to differ materially.
Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, competitive, governmental, technological, geopolitical and public health factors affecting our operations, markets, products,
services and prices, assumptions not being realized, scientific or technological developments, evolving sustainability strategies, changes in carbon markets, evolving government regulations, our
expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions, or other changes in circumstances, as well as those factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance, and actual results, and other developments, and business decisions may differ from those envisaged by such forward-looking statements. The information and opinions contained in
this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result
of new information or future events or developments.
This report represents our current policy and intent and is not intended to create legal rights or obligations. The standards of measurement and performance contained in this report are developing
and based on assumptions, and no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this report can or will be achieved. This report
may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed, approved, or endorsed by us, and we make no representation, warranty, or undertaking as to the accuracy,
reasonableness, or completeness of such information. Information contained on or accessible through, including any reports available on, any website referenced herein, is not a part of, and is not
incorporated by reference into, this report, except as otherwise stated.
This report contains examples of savings and results achieved by us, our customers and our partners that may or may not be representative of what other companies could achieve in similar
circumstances. Inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is material to our business or operating results. “Material” for the purposes of this report should
not be read as equating to any use of the word in our other reporting or filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. No part of this report or our website constitutes, or shall be taken to
constitute, an invitation or inducement to invest in us or any other entity and shall not be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decisions.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 2