PRINCIPLES
DATA PROTECTION
AND CYBERSECURITY
Honeywell is committed to protecting the personal data of DATA PRIVACY PRINCIPLES TRAINING AND AWARENESS
employees, customers, suppliers and others who entrust their
Honeywell’s data privacy policies and practices have been At Honeywell, we ensure our employees understand data
data to us as well as the technology resources we provide to
established across Honeywell’s products and business protection is everyone’s responsibility. Toward that end,
our employees and others. As such, Honeywell has in place
operations and promote adherence to data privacy principles Honeywell deploys mandatory all-employee training on data
appropriate data privacy and cybersecurity organizational
commonly recognized around the world, including: privacy and cybersecurity issues during onboarding and as
structures, policies and procedures to respect individual privacy
part of annual Code of Business Conduct certification and
rights and promote data protection and information security.
• We fairly and lawfully process personal data for legitimate
training. Honeywell also requires job-specific data privacy
business purposes.
training for certain roles. We conduct phishing scenario learning
DATA PRIVACY GOVERNANCE
experiences and cybersecurity knowledge campaigns to
• We strive to use the minimum amount of personal data
Honeywell’s Global Data Privacy Program led by our Vice maintain awareness of these ongoing threats.
needed to accomplish our objectives and avoid processing
President and GC Data Privacy, Cyber and Trust, Digital
personal data when possible.
Data, and AI Governance and Chief Privacy Officer includes
• We do not share personal data with anyone, inside or outside
a dedicated in-house data privacy team within the Law
our Company, who does not have a business need to know it.
Department which monitors developments in data privacy
regulation globally. The Data Privacy Function is responsible for
• We make our privacy practices transparent and clear to
developing and operationalizing our data protection strategy to
individuals.
ensure compliance with applicable data protection regulations
• We provide mechanisms for individuals to exercise applicable
worldwide. A Data Privacy Governance Council led by the
legal rights.
Chief Privacy Officer and comprised of cross-functional senior
leadership meets regularly for strategic alignment and policy • We have measures in place to comply with applicable law
decision-making. A Digital Marketing Governance Council, led regarding cross-border data sharing.
by the Chief Privacy Officer and senior Sales and Marketing
• We securely delete personal data when it is no longer needed
leadership, promotes collaboration on data privacy issues in
and in accordance with our Records Management Policy.
digital marketing and online advertising.
• We secure personal data in accordance with global standards.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 49