PRINCIPLES
AI
GOVERNANCE
RESPONSIBLE USE OF AI • Fair and Equitable. We strive to treat people fairly and
equitably from the design to implementation of AI, including
As an innovative industrial leader, new technologies like AI
seeking to identify and mitigate algorithmic bias.
provide Honeywell tremendous opportunity as we design and
develop pioneering solutions that address the world’s most • Privacy-Enabled. We strive to safeguard individual
critical needs. In 2024, Honeywell implemented a Responsible confidentiality, autonomy and control over the use and
AI Governance Framework to support our deployment of disclosure of Personal Data as feasible, appropriate and legally
AI responsibly and in compliance with applicable law and required and to protect Honeywell and third-party intellectual
Company policy. Under the direction of Honeywell’s Data & AI property and data rights.
Steering Committee comprised of Honeywell senior leaders,
• Transparent and Explainable. We promote transparency in
Honeywell’s Responsible AI Governance Framework provides
our design, function, description and use of AI and endeavor
appropriate oversight, record keeping and monitoring of AI uses
to maximize explainability of AI decision-making when feasible
at the Company. At the core of the Company’s Responsible
and appropriate.
AI Governance Framework is a Responsible AI Policy based
• Sustainable. We are committed to reducing our
on a set of principles that inform decision making across the
environmental footprint, including supporting the
Company’s AI uses. The following are Honeywell’s Responsible
environmentally and socially conscious use of AI.
AI Principles:
• Accountable. We strive to hold ourselves accountable
through robust AI governance, clear lines of responsibility,
and monitoring to help ensure continuous improvement. We
expect our partners to do the same.
• Safe and Secure. We seek to protect against unintended
applications, access, or harm associated with our use or
provision of AI.
• Valid and Reliable. We aim to employ technology that
produces appropriately consistent and accurate results and
incorporates controls designed to help minimize disruptions.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 51