SASB/TCFD INFORMATION
TCFD DISCLOSURE
The following table maps Honeywell’s publicly available climate-
related discussion against the framework developed by the Task
Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. For detailed
discussion, please see the referenced documents.
Governance
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Summary response Recommended disclosure Disclosure location
Honeywell is committed to strong corporate governance policies,
practices and procedures designed to ensure our Board effectively
exercises its oversight role. Our Board is responsible for, among
other things, reviewing and monitoring implementation of
Honeywell’s strategic plans, reviewing risk assessments, and
monitoring mitigation activities with respect to significant risks CDP Climate Change Report
and issues facing the company, including climate-related risks
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. 2024 Proxy: Corporate Governance
and opportunities. The Board’s Corporate Governance and
Responsibility Committee (CGRC) has primary responsibility
for managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Roles for
assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
are integrated into a number of functions and committees
throughout the company. Honeywell’s Vice President, Health,
Safety, and Environment is responsible for implementing our
HSEPS Management System. Environmental goals are established
annually with each of our strategic businesses. Honeywell’s
Corporate Energy & Sustainability Team (CEST) drives our
company’s goals and is led by our Integrated Supply Chain and
Global Real Estate organizations. The cross-business, cross-
function team meets monthly and is responsible for driving
improvements through a rigorous process of goal setting,
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related
monitoring and measurement, training and best practice sharing.
CDP Climate Change Report
Progress on these goals is reported quarterly to the Company’s risks and opportunities.
ESG Review Board and periodically to the CEO, and is reviewed with
the CGRC at least annually.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 62