PEOPLE
Leadership programs
• Manager Development Program: Develops high-performing
leaders into transformational executives prepared to take the
Effective and impactful leadership is central to delivering next big step.
business results, creating transformational products and
• Leadership Development Program: Develops skills, experience
services and engaging and retaining our best talent. Leadership
and resilience to successfully lead today and shape the future
development is a robust mix of in-person development
in expanded leadership roles.
coaching, mentorship, peer sharing and virtual learning
modules, case studies and best practice resources. We offer a • Functional programs including Finance as a Competitive Tool,
range of executive, management and functional development Chief Technology Officer Program and Catapult, an annual
programs which feeds our strategic internal talent mobility and top talent program designed to develop, retain, and enhance
robust talent pipeline. critical general manager skillsets.
From executive to manager, our programs continue to evolve
with market and business priorities. Participants gain essential
knowledge and skills related to making an impact through
driving business results and helping them be their best as
people-leading Futureshapers. Our broad portfolio of leadership
development programs in 2023 included:
• Honeywell Leadership Edge: Progressive, virtual leadership
development program required for all mid-level managers,
covering skills such as building exceptional talent, applying
business acumen, inspiring innovation and developing
committed people leadership.
• Level Up: A continuous annual training for executives and
people leaders that keeps them updated on top-of-mind
business topics critical to business that year. Level Up
encourages continuous professional development to build
and retain talent.
• Empower: A program dedicated to supporting people
leaders as they seek to better galvanize their teams, drive
business success and create a culture of engagement across
Honeywell.
• Executive Development Program: Senior development
program that gives strong leaders skills to prepare for senior
executive leadership.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 29