PEOPLE
ATTRACTING DEVELOPING SKILLS become more efficient, enabling them to focus more on their
professional development and less on plan creation. Our
THE BEST TALENT AND GROWING CAREERS
approach was driven by creative strategies and informed by
Attracting and recruiting top talent is foundational to our Learning and development customer feedback, which allowed us to introduce solutions that
success. “Building Exceptional Talent” is one of Honeywell’s met the evolving needs of our business. This customer-focused
Investing in skill development enables our Futureshapers to
Six Behaviors and emphasizes the importance of developing strategy guided our efforts in developing talent and learning
grow their careers through a range of learning offerings. In
all Futureshapers, while continuing to attract top talent to solutions, empowering our Futureshapers to become their best.
2023, over 91,000 Futureshapers were active users within
the organization.
the Accelerator Learning Platform. This demonstrates our
Throughout 2023, Honeywell honed its talent acquisition commitment to continuous learning, which is core to our culture
strategy with a focus on expediting the filling of critical and long-term business growth strategy.
talent roles, enhancing the diversity of candidate slates, and
We offer an extensive suite of mandatory and voluntary
bolstering internal hiring. This strategic approach encompassed
technical and functional training to ensure new skills are
a new three-year ongoing partnership with the Society of
gained while compliance requirements are met globally. Our
Hispanic Professional Engineers to support early education
contemporary, interactive and accessible learning platform,
STEM programs, undergraduate recruitment activities and
Accelerator Learning, serves as a central source of information
professional development. Additionally, we continued our long-
and learning opportunities for our Futureshapers, boasting 642
term partnership with the National Society of Black Engineers,
modules for Futureshapers to access. In 2023, Futureshapers
where Honeywell provided scholarships and mentored students
spent over 151,000 hours within the platform to learn about the
at summer camps to help build a strong pipeline for future
“Honeywell way of working,” ensuring alignment and common
engineering talent.
understanding across the organization.
Honeywell has partnered with Hiring our Heroes to offer
In addition, we standardized content governance across all
internships to veterans transitioning to the private sector,
Functional Academies, which offer role-specific knowledge and
with many being hired full-time. We have also continued our
resources to improve content development and delivery across
collaboration with American Corporate Partners, mentoring
Honeywell. These resources and development opportunities
military members and hiring seven individuals. Additionally,
ensure that Futureshapers can continue to grow and Win
within our Aerospace Technologies business we initiated a
Together.
neurodiverse intern program, and provided global support for
the Society of Women Engineers, particularly focusing on hiring
Career growth
in India. We recognize the importance of a diverse workforce and
In 2023, we made significant progress in promoting the
remain committed to ensuring a varied slate of candidates for
adoption of Individual Development Plans (IDPs), with 96%
open positions through a diverse hiring process.
of Band 3+ Futureshapers leveraging their IDP. By integrating
innovative technology, we improved the accessibility and user
experience of IDP processes, making it easier to take action. We
also standardized our training materials, making onboarding
smoother for new hires while helping our Futureshapers
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 28