PRINCIPLES
KEY ELEMENTS OF OUR INTEGRITY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION PROGRAM screening for risk, enables mandatory advanced approval
of commissioned sales agents, and blocks payments until
COMPLIANCE PROGRAM
Honeywell has a well-established, global anti-corruption
verification that a proper basis for payment has been logged
• The ACCESS Integrity Helpline is a 24-hour, multilingual program designed to detect, investigate and remediate any
into the approval system.
service operated by an independent third-party provider that issues related to potential anti-corruption and anti-bribery
is open to all internal and external stakeholders concerns using modern, digital tools and experienced, globally- Honeywell also conducts continuous monitoring of suppliers
dispersed personnel located in high-risk regions to execute the through its supplier due diligence program.
• Integrity and Compliance councils operate at the corporate,
elements of the program.
business unit and regional levels
GLOBAL TRADE CONTROLS PROGRAM
The foundation of this program is our company-wide anti-
• Mandatory company-wide training for all employees in health,
corruption policy. Available in over 20 languages, this policy As a global company, Honeywell has a mature trade program
safety and environmental responsibility, nondiscrimination,
applies to all employees, directors, sales intermediaries, designed to implement effective trade controls practices in
harassment, conflicts of interest, anti-corruption,
suppliers and vendors, and prohibits offering, making or critical areas related to export, trade sanctions and import
cybersecurity, data privacy and trade controls
accepting a bribe; making any facilitation payments or retaining compliance under the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions
• Robust and frequent communications to engage all levels of a third party when there is a reason to suspect an improper where we develop technology, locate operations, and ship
the company on the criticality of integrity and compliance payment. products and services. This program relies on access to
sophisticated data related to trade transactions, using modern
• Comprehensive training on key compliance topics in over 20 Honeywell’s anti-corruption organization is led by our Vice
tools to classify critical technology for global trade, and a
native languages President and General Counsel for Anti-Corruption, who
geographically dispersed global team to reside close to our
supervises a team of professionals with diverse backgrounds
• Essential compliance tools that offer near real-time visibility business to provide timely and informed advice to our business
in law, auditing and analytics. The team is dispersed globally
into business transactions partners.
with on-the-ground presence in key geographies. Honeywell
• Global compliance teams in regions at elevated risk for also has a due diligence and analytics center of excellence Honeywell’s statement of its trade principles can be found in its
compliance concerns responsible for maintaining compliance processes, conducting Global Trade Policy and Global Import Policy. The Vice President
due diligence on customer and supplier third parties, and using and General Counsel for Global Trade leads the export and
• Frequent self-assessments, independent internal and third-
data analytics to identify indicators of risk. trade sanctions programs, and the Vice President for Import
party reviews and audits of compliance risk areas
Compliance leads the customs and import area. As a result of
• External and internal risk assessments evaluate the strength
these key organizations, Honeywell is well-positioned to manage
Honeywell has implemented a suite of digital
of our ethics and compliance program against standards
the fast-changing risk profile of the global trade upon which
tools and processes to enable the anti-corruption
informed by government authorities and industry best
much of its business relies daily to meet customer needs.
practices program including a Honeywell-unique risk map
Due to the dynamic nature of global trade, Honeywell
based upon over 1,000 data elements.
• Robust integration processes ensure newly acquired
has invested in efforts to identify and mitigate the risk of
companies understand and comply with Honeywell principles,
Honeywell uses a risk assessment to allocate resources and the diversion of its products to unauthorized users. It has
policies and procedures
implement standard risk mitigation actions based upon the implemented enhanced due diligence and data analytics related
• The Internal Audit organization conducts independent audits anti-corruption risk profile of our business that includes to detection of potential trade diversion and unauthorized
of various compliance program elements to help ensure tailored in-person and online annual anti-corruption training. end use or unapproved end users of Honeywell’s controlled
Honeywell requires all payments to commissioned sales agents products. These efforts protect Honeywell’s brand and
policies and procedures are operating as designed
to be processed through its sales intermediary end-to-end reputation and ensure its products are used as intended
tool, a homegrown digital process that engages in automated by authorized users, an expectation of its shareholders and
regulators globally.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 46