SASB/TCFD INFORMATION
Table A: Examples of climate-related risks with mitigation strategies
Time horizon
Risk type Potential financial impact (-) Short Medium Long Mitigation strategy
Honeywell has a comprehensive energy efficiency program and has implemented more than 6,500 sustainability
projects since 2010 with an estimated annualized savings of more than $100 million. Honeywell has committed to be
Transition: Increased pricing of greenhouse gas
X carbon neutral in facilities and operations1 by 2035 and has a science-based target approved by the Science Based
Policy and Legal emissions due to regulations
Targets initiative (SBTi) that includes scope 3 emissions. Additionally, we evaluate the potential impact from changes in
climate-related regulations and litigation on a quarterly basis.
Honeywell continuously innovates to expand sustainable opportunities with our products and services. Approximately
Reduced demand for goods and
60% of our new product research and development investment is directed toward sustainability-oriented outcomes¹
Transition: services due to shift in consumer
X including offerings related to reducing GHG emissions. In addition, each of our new products is subject to an eco-
Market preferences or changes in
efficiency assessment considering opportunities to improve energy efficiency, and each quarter we assess whether
purchasing power
changes in our product mixes may impact GHG emissions.
Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response plans for every one of our facilities, which specify
programs to mitigate the potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on a quarterly basis the potential
Reduced revenue from business
Physical: Acute X for impact to our supply chain from physical damage due to climate-related events. Our Business Continuity
disruption
Management Program also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical operations in the event of
a disaster and promptly recover essential systems and technology.
Climate change data is incorporated into the emergency response plans for every one of our facilities, which specify
programs to mitigate the potential risks of physical damage. In addition, we evaluate on a regular basis the potential
Increased costs from repairing or
X for impact to our supply chain from physical damage due to climate-related events. Our Business Continuity
restoring damaged locations
Management Program also creates plans to help ensure the company can continue critical operations in the event of
a disaster and promptly recover essential systems and technology.
Increased cost related to relocation Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates physical risk considerations as part of due diligence for any new
Physical: Chronic X
due to sea level rise locations.
Honeywell’s Global Real Estate group incorporates energy efficiency and energy procurement as part of due diligence
for any new location to help manage costs related to energy use, heating and cooling. In addition, Honeywell has a
Increased cost related to increased
comprehensive program to audit, identify, execute and track completion of energy efficiency projects in all our facilities.
Physical: Chronic need for cooling and heating due to X
Since project tracking began in 2010, more than 6,500 sustainability projects have been implemented at our facilities
changing temperatures
and have resulted in more than $100M in annualized savings. These include building automation and controls, lighting,
compressed air and gas systems, mechanical upgrades and renewable energy projects.
1 Sustainability-oriented offerings are solutions that help improve safety, environmental impact, health, security, resilience and accountability. Methodology for identifying
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 65
sustainability-oriented offerings is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/Identification of Sustainability-Oriented Offerings”).