PEOPLE
VOLUNTEERING
FOR THE GREATER GOOD
Honeywell’s annual Global Volunteering Month is a tradition Financial expertise
that encourages our entire workforce to put their time and
Ben Harris, finance manager at Honeywell, learned about a
talents to work for the greater good.
unique volunteer opportunity to help Roof Above, a nonprofit
During the 2023 Global Volunteering Month, and year-round, organization and Honeywell partner in Charlotte, North Carolina,
Honeywell employees enlisted friends, families and business that works to provide resources and housing support to those
partners to plant urban gardens, collect clothing for donations, experiencing homelessness.
mentor students, pack hundreds of pounds of food to feed
“What caught my eye is that Honeywell was looking for volunteers
hungry families, and more. With hundreds of activities occurring
to offer their professional skills to help a community partner,”
around the globe, Honeywell employees increased previous
Harris says. “And they needed support specifically in finance,
years’ investment in local communities, totaling more than
which is my education and background. It was a cool opportunity
35,000 volunteer hours throughout the year.
to do what I do every day, but in a new way.”
HUMANITARIAN RELIEF POWERED Harris explains that the overall task was to help Roof Above with
financial reporting and forecasting to be able to look at their
BY EMPLOYEE GIVING
finances in a faster, more reliable way and make better-informed
When a natural disaster strikes, the Honeywell Humanitarian
decisions about the future.
Relief Foundation (HHRF) acts quickly, delivering direct
Over about two months, Harris and fellow Futureshaper Andrew
assistance to employees and communities in need.
Miller, senior financial analyst at Honeywell, worked with the
Since the HHRF began in 2005, more than $7.7 million in relief Roof Above team, offering ideas and solutions on how Roof
assistance has been donated by thousands of employees and Above could better leverage existing tools and resources.
provided to more than 2,600 employees. Generous employee
Greg Lewis, Honeywell Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
donations have helped the HHRF rebuild 930 homes, four
Officer, was the executive sponsor of this initiative. “Sharing the
schools, nine medical clinics and one elder-care center, with
expertise of our employees is one of the most impactful ways we
more projects in process.
can support our community partners. From IT audits to financial
modeling, pro bono legal consults to HR policy reviews, our
SPOTLIGHT ON SKILLS-BASED VOLUNTEERING
Futureshapers are helping to modernize the agencies that do so
Helping our partners in the community can take different much — often with limited resources — to keep our communities
forms. But for these Futureshapers, making a difference in the strong and vibrant,” Lewis said. “Sharing core capabilities that we
community means putting their job-related expertise to use. are so used to at Honeywell can make a huge difference.”
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 42