PRINCIPLES
and overseeing ESG disclosure. Each Board committee strategic functional leaders throughout the year to discuss
BOARD OF
then has oversight responsibility over discrete ESG risk and results of risk assessments performed and the emerging risks
opportunity areas as delegated by the Board, supported by they identify. The Vice President and staff of the Corporate Audit
DIRECTORS
regular engagement with the senior leaders accountable for Department, and the Vice President and General Counsel, ESG,
the respective areas. The Board leverages our Enterprise Risk facilitate the ERM program and are primarily responsible for
Management program and strategic planning process to the annual assessment. The Senior Vice President and Chief
identify and prioritize ESG impacts, risks and opportunities, Financial Officer and the Senior Vice President and General
assess the company’s performance and monitor risk mitigation Counsel review ERM results with the full Board, the CGRC
The Board of Directors’ Corporate Governance and
efforts. and the Audit Committee each year. As part of continuous
Responsibility Committee (CGRC) places an emphasis on
improvement for the ERM program, the Corporate Audit
ensuring Board members demonstrate the right leadership
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT Department benchmarks with other relevant industry peers and
traits, personality, work ethic, independence and diversity
consulting and risk management firms to identify best practices
of background to align with Honeywell’s performance
The Board uses an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program
and deploy risk management programs or risk framework
culture and long-term strategic vision.
as a key tool for understanding the range of risks facing
improvements.
When identifying Board candidates, the CGRC requires qualified Honeywell, as well as assessing the design and effectiveness
candidates who are diverse with respect to race, ethnicity and/ of management’s processes, procedures and practices for SHAREOWNER ENGAGEMENT
or gender are included in the pool from which any new director mitigating those risks. The ERM assessment deployed by
Honeywell maintains a robust shareowner engagement
nominee is selected, and that one or more diverse candidates management is robust, based on both an enterprise-wide
program that features year-round opportunities for its
are interviewed before a successful candidate is identified. “top down” and “bottom up” view of commercial, strategic,
Board and senior management, including our independent
legal, compliance, human capital, cyber and reputational
This is to ensure we continue to enhance both the diversity of
risks, and the strategies in place to mitigate those risks. Lead Director, the chairs of our Corporate Governance
the Board and the perspectives and values that are represented
The ERM framework also incorporates ESG impacts, risks and Responsibility Committee (CGRC) and Management,
in Board and committee meetings.
and opportunities, enabling a thorough assessment of the Development and Compensation Committee (MDCC), and
The Board uses a skills and experience matrix to facilitate the company’s performance across the ESG landscape. As part of
executive officers, to engage in dialogue with key stakeholders.
review of our directors’ skills versus those deemed important the ERM program, there are several distinct touchpoints with
Based on this dialogue, we have implemented actions over
to oversee the company’s current strategy. The skills included each Strategic Business Group Leadership Team and other
the last several years to increase shareowner rights, enhance
in the matrix are evaluated against the company’s articulated
the Board’s structure, increase transparency on political and
strategy each year so the matrix can serve as an up-to-date tool
climate lobbying, disclose our EEO-1 report, and augment our
“The Board of Directors is committed to
for identifying director nominees who collectively possess the
commitment to sustainability and corporate responsibility.
guiding Honeywell in a way that mitigates
complementary experience, qualifications, skills and attributes
risks but also capitalizes on opportunities
to guide the company. Our shareowner engagement program has covered topics
aligned with our strategic priorities and the
such as our business strategy, comprehensive portfolio review,
powerful megatrends that will shape the global
BOARD OVERSIGHT OF ESG
corporate governance practices, executive compensation
economy. We do this by engaging with Vimal
The Board and the CGRC proactively oversee the company’s and the executive leadership team to focus programs, CEO succession, political lobbying disclosures,
overall environmental, social and governance (ESG) on generating value for our shareholders climate change, inclusion and diversity, human capital
performance. The CGRC has responsibility for reviewing and delivering solutions for our customers to management, human rights, sustainability, social responsibility
Honeywell’s ESG performance, strategies, goals and enable long-term growth.”
and humanitarian relief initiatives.
objectives, monitoring ESG impacts, risks and opportunities,
William Ayer, Lead Independent Director
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 53