LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN & CEO
DEFINING OUR COMMITMENT TO
OUR PLANET, PEOPLE AND PRINCIPLES
three megatrends — automation, the future of deploying new renewable energy opportunities OUR PRINCIPLES
aviation and the energy transition. and obtaining ISO 50001 certifications.
Integrity and ethics, supported by the
Our progress against these goals now gives
cornerstones of safety, inclusion and diversity,
At Honeywell, the way we conduct our business
us greater confidence in achieving our and workplace respect, underlie every aspect of
today enables us to not only anticipate, but
commitment to carbon neutrality across our our operations at Honeywell. These foundational
proactively fulfill the evolving needs of our
facilities and operations³ by 2035. principles are complemented by the new
stakeholders to pave the way for tomorrow’s
behaviors we established to define our core
success.
OUR PEOPLE values and reinforce our performance culture. Our
Board of Directors also continues to work closely
OUR PLANET
We succeed as a business and can make a
with our senior leadership team to ensure we
Last year, we delivered a new generation of difference in our communities thanks to our
adhere to our responsible reporting and operating
transformative solutions to our customers,
global team of Futureshapers. In return, we
practices and conduct business the right way.
while taking steps to minimize our carbon
are deeply committed to creating unique and
footprint and maximize our positive impact We are encouraged by our achievements this year,
meaningful opportunities for them to grow
but we are far from finished. Our commitment
on the planet. For the third consecutive
alongside us and to benefit from our focus on
to continuous improvement, transparency, and
year, we invested approximately 60% of
professional development, rigorous succession
accountability is steadfast, as we continue to
Honeywell’s research and development
planning and continuous learning.
deliver for our stakeholders. We understand
funding in sustainability-oriented offerings¹
Similarly, we concentrate on improving the significant opportunity we have to create a
that improve safety, environmental impact and
societal resilience for our customers and the representation, retention and recognition of positive impact — together, the future is what we
To Our Shareholders and Stakeholders, make it.
communities they serve. Looking ahead, we diverse perspectives across our workforce —
estimate that Honeywell technologies will including through our leadership development Thank you for your continued support and
For nearly 150 years, Honeywell has been
have a cumulative impact of mitigating 2 programs, which amplify the diverse partnership on our journey.
central to shaping the future. During my three-
billion metric tons of CO2e between 2023 perspectives of our talent, and our nine
decade-plus tenure, I have been inspired by
and 2030². employee networks that foster collaboration
working with our teams to drive innovation
and belonging. In 2024, Honeywell expects
across a multitude of industries and countries. In this report, we highlight one of our most
to train approximately 1,200 interns to
In this Impact Report, we detail how we exciting 2023 achievements: we exceeded
maintained our unwavering commitment to the three ambitious sustainability-oriented help prepare them to be Futureshapers. We
are committed to significantly increasing this
our Planet, People and Principles as we goals we set in 2019 — reducing Scope 1
Vimal Kapur
simplified and aligned our business with and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, group in the year ahead.
CHAIRMAN & CEO
1 Sustainability-oriented offerings are solutions that help improve safety, environmental impact, health, security, resilience and accountability. Methodology for identifying sustainability-
oriented offerings is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/Identification of Sustainability-Oriented Offerings”). 2 Methodology for estimating GHG mitigation
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 3
impact is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/GHG Mitigation Impact of Honeywell Technologies”). 3 Scope 1 and Scope 2