PRINCIPLES
EMPLOYEE TRAINING CRITICAL MATERIALS
Honeywell is committed to properly training our procurement As a manufacturer of electronic equipment, many of our
employees to better enable them to uphold our standards when products require the use of critical materials, such as fluorspar,
sourcing materials. We have developed robust curricula tailored precious metals, minor metals and rare earth materials. We
recognize there is inherent risk associated with such materials,
to specific types of jobs.
including potential supply issues, lack of available substitutes,
In addition to deploying training on standard procurement
increased global demand driving heightened competition and
practices, employees are also educated on supplier risk
impacts from geopolitical uncertainty. We take a multifaceted
management, conflicts of interest, code of conduct, forced labor
approach to risk mitigation to ensure product availability,
prevention and all applicable Honeywell procurement policies.
manage price increases and manage supply risk.
For example, we:
• Practice hedging, forward-buying and lock-pricing to ensure.
continued supply and pricing stability of critical materi
• Monitor geopolitical trends through a tool for universal
grading of active production suppliers
• Conduct financial risk assessments
• Secure multiple sources for material where possible
• Recycle critical minerals or rare earth elements
CONFLICT MINERALS
Honeywell is committed to the responsible sourcing of tin
(cassiterite), tungsten (wolframite), tantalum (columbite-
tantalite or coltan), gold or their derivatives (collectively known
as “3TG”) throughout our global supply chain in a manner that
complies with applicable laws.
These rules require certain Honeywell direct or indirect
subsidiaries to undertake reasonable due diligence steps
to determine the origin of the 3TG used in its products and
disclose the results of such diligence, including filing a public
report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Honeywell’s 3TG compliance program is designed to
conform to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development’s “Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply
Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected Areas and High-Risk
Areas.”
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 56