OUR COMPANY
Honeywell solutions can contribute to the mitigation
INNOVATING
of roughly 50% of anthropogenic GHG emissions²
FOR IMPACT
Livestock
14%
DELIVERING SOLUTIONS FOR EMISSIONS MITIGATION
6%
For nearly 150 years, Honeywell has been a global leader in powering innovation to transform
Other agriculture
tomorrow. From the world’s most widely used barcode to providing technology for the first U.S.
and land use
13% 25%
manned mission to space, we have over a century of experience in transforming how people
live, work, travel and connect. But it’s not only about our past innovations; it’s about our ongoing
Industry
commitment to shaping a brighter future.
Others
Today, Honeywell innovations are creating opportunities to help our customers lead smarter and
safer lives and achieve their sustainability-oriented goals. We continue to introduce cutting- TOTAL
8%
edge offerings for a vast number of global markets and industries, with a portfolio of products
GHG
and solutions that spans the industries and sectors that most directly contribute to making a 4%
EMISSIONS³
comprehensive energy transition at scale — including energy efficiency, electrification, net zero
enablers, health, safety and security, circularity, and measurement and reporting.
6% 8%
These solutions work together to help reduce CO e emissions across some of the most difficult 6%
16%
2
industries to abate, making significant contributions to sustainability-oriented goals worldwide.
Fugitive emissions
We estimate that Honeywell technologies will have a cumulative impact of mitigating
8%
2.0 billion metric tons of CO2e between 2023 and 2030¹. This is 175 times Honeywell’s own
projected Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions over the same time period. 8% Transport
18%
Other energy
“The aerospace industry plays a key role in helping to achieve a net-zero future, 7.5%
and we will continue developing solutions that enable more energy efficient
Buildings
aviation, protecting our planet for future generations.”
Jim Currier, President and CEO, Honeywell Aerospace
% of total GHG emissions where HONEYWELL
TECHNOLOGIES can contribute to mitigation
1 Methodology for estimating GHG mitigation impact is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/GHG Mitigation Impact of Honeywell Technologies”). ² Extent of contribution depends
on the sector and technology deployed. More information is available at investor.honeywell.com (see “ESG/ESG Information/GHG Mitigation Impact of Honeywell Technologies”). ³ PCC (2022): Climate Change
2022: Mitigation of Climate Change. Contribution of Working Group III to the Sixth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [P.R. Shukla, J. Skea, R. Slade, A. Al Khourdajie, R. van Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 10
Diemen, D. McCollum, M. Pathak, S. Some, P. Vyas, R. Fradera, M. Belkacemi, A. Hasija, G. Lisboa, S. Luz, J. Malley, (eds.)]. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, UK and New York, NY, USA.