PLANET
WASTEWATER AND EFFLUENT MANAGEMENT
AND WATER STEWARDSHIP
Honeywell manages water in accordance with all regulatory These include documenting specific actions to ensure
requirements while also taking steps to protect and conserve a compliance with legal, permit and Honeywell requirements.
vital natural resource.
• Developing comprehensive location-specific operational
Our locations and functions are required to manage their water controls, including physical and administrative controls, to
use and wastewater and effluent generation in accordance with manage our wastewater and effluents in compliance with
our HSEPS Management System, which includes: legal and other requirements, and to minimize environmental
impact, including unwanted releases. Our operational
• Completing a water inventory identifying all uses and
controls include quality assurance and control plans to
discharges of water, including source of supply, use and
identify potential issues before they happen or to enable rapid
what happens to the resulting wastewater. Also considered
response.
are any discharges generated by plant operations, such as
compressor blow-down and condensate discharges, and • Restrictions on some methods of discharge to limit potential
water reuse. This breakdown of water use facilitates identifying environmental impacts.
opportunities for reducing consumption and requirements for
• Good management practices to reduce contamination and
managing effluents.
impact of storm water run-off for all locations.
• Creating and maintaining a detailed inventory or balance of
• Separating potable and processing water supplies to eliminate
water intakes, activities using or producing water, and water
the risk of cross-contamination.
discharges, including characterization of any wastewaters.
• Container management and spill prevention controls to
This breakdown of water use facilitates identifying
minimize risk of unwanted release and contamination of
opportunities for reducing consumption and waste.
ground and surface waters.
• Completing a review of all legal and other requirements
• Training for employees and contractors who perform critical
for wastewater and effluent management. Our industrial
activities related to wastewater and stormwater management.
facilities that produce emissions may require specific water
discharge permits, with many requiring us to conduct studies
• Collating data on water withdrawals and discharges and
or develop models of the potential impacts of the activities on
conducting regular water audits to identify opportunities to
communities and the environment before permits are issued
reduce water consumption.
or renewed. If a government-required wastewater permit,
license, impact analysis document or other legal requirement
is applicable, Honeywell implements operational controls.
Honeywell | 2024 IMPACT REPORT | 21