Guidance and Outlook:
• Star India deconsolidated in Q1(1):
◦ Our India business will contribute $73 million to Entertainment segment operating income in
fiscal 2025, compared to $254 million in the prior year; and $9 million to Sports segment
operating income, compared to a $636 million loss in the prior year
◦ Equity loss from the India JV of $33 million in Q1 primarily due to the impact of purchase
accounting; for the full year we expect an equity loss of roughly $300 million driven by purchase
accounting
• Q2 Fiscal 2025:
◦ Entertainment Direct-to-Consumer: Modest decline in Disney+ subscribers compared to Q1
◦ Sports: Segment operating income adversely impacted by approximately $100 million due to
college sports and one additional NFL game, and about $50 million from exiting the Venu Sports
JV
◦ Experiences: Disney Cruise Line pre-opening expense of approximately $40 million
• Fiscal Year 2025:
◦ High-single digit adjusted EPS(2) growth compared to fiscal 2024
◦ Approximately $15 billion in cash provided by operations
◦ Entertainment: Double-digit percentage segment operating income growth, with an increase in
Entertainment Direct-to-Consumer operating income of approximately $875 million(3)
◦ Sports: 13% segment operating income growth
◦ Experiences: 6% to 8% segment operating income growth
◦ Disney Cruise Line pre-opening expense of ~$200 million
Message From Our CEO:
“Our results this quarter demonstrate Disney’s creative and financial strength as we advanced the
strategic initiatives set in motion over the past two years,” said Robert A. Iger, Chief Executive Officer,
The Walt Disney Company. “In fiscal Q1 we saw outstanding box office performance from our studios,
which had the top three movies of 2024; we further improved the profitability of our Entertainment DTC
streaming businesses; we took an important step to advance ESPN’s digital strategy by adding an ESPN
tile on Disney+; and our Experiences segment demonstrated its enduring appeal as we continue investing
strategically across the globe. Overall, this quarter proved to be a strong start to the fiscal year, and we
remain confident in our strategy for continued growth.”
(1)Q1 fiscal 2025 included approximately one and a half months of Star India operating results, whereas fiscal 2024 included a full year of
results. After November 14, 2024, we began recognizing our share of the India JV in “Equity in the income of investees.”
(2)Diluted EPS excluding certain items (also referred to as adjusted EPS) is a non-GAAP financial measure. The most comparable GAAP
measure is diluted EPS. See the discussion on pages 17 through 20 for how we define and calculate this measure and why the Company is
not providing the forward-looking quantitative reconciliation of diluted EPS excluding certain items to the most comparable GAAP
measure.
(3)Including a comparison to an adverse impact of the Disney+ Hotstar service in India of approximately $200 million in the prior year.
2