THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures
• “Comparable operating income” is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for
items impacting comparability (discussed further below). “Comparable currency neutral operating income” is a non-
GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability (discussed
further below) and the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. “Comparable operating margin” is a
non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability
(discussed further below). “Underlying operating margin” is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has
otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability (discussed further below), the impact of fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes, as applicable.
Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the company’s performance and make resource
allocation decisions. Further, management believes the comparable operating income (non-GAAP) growth measure,
comparable currency neutral operating income (non-GAAP) growth measure, comparable operating margin (non-
GAAP) measure and underlying operating margin (non-GAAP) measure enhance its ability to communicate the
underlying operating results and provide investors with useful supplemental information to enhance their
understanding of the company’s underlying business performance and trends by improving their ability to compare
our period-to-period financial results.
• “Comparable EPS” and “comparable currency neutral EPS” are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude or have
otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability (discussed further below). Comparable currency neutral
EPS (non-GAAP) has also been adjusted for the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the company’s performance and make resource
allocation decisions. Further, management believes the comparable EPS (non-GAAP) and comparable currency
neutral EPS (non-GAAP) growth measures enhance its ability to communicate the underlying operating results and
provide investors with useful supplemental information to enhance their understanding of the company’s underlying
business performance and trends by improving their ability to compare our period-to-period financial results.
• “Underlying effective tax rate” is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents the estimated annual effective
income tax rate on income before income taxes, which excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting
comparability (discussed further below).
• “Free cash flow” is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents net cash provided by operating activities less
purchases of property, plant and equipment. “Free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment”
is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of
property, plant and equipment and excludes the fairlife contingent consideration payment that was made in March
2025. “Projected cash flow from operations excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment” is a non-GAAP
financial measure that represents net cash provided by operating activities excluding the fairlife contingent
consideration payment that was made in March 2025. “Projected free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent
consideration payment” is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents net cash provided by operating activities
less purchases of property, plant and equipment and excludes the fairlife contingent consideration payment that was
made in March 2025. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the company’s
performance and make resource allocation decisions.
ITEMS IMPACTING COMPARABILITY
The following information is provided to give qualitative and quantitative information related to items impacting
comparability. Items impacting comparability are not defined terms within GAAP. Therefore, our non-GAAP financial
information may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We determine which items
to consider as “items impacting comparability” based on how management views our business; makes financial,
operating, compensation and planning decisions; and evaluates the company’s ongoing performance. Items such as
charges, gains and accounting changes which are viewed by management as impacting only the current period or the
comparable period, but not both, or as pertaining to different and unrelated underlying activities or events across
comparable periods, are generally considered “items impacting comparability.” Items impacting comparability include, but
are not limited to, asset impairments, transaction gains/losses including associated costs, and charges related to
restructuring initiatives, in each case when exceeding a U.S. dollar threshold. Also included are our proportionate share of
similar items incurred by our equity method investees, timing differences related to our economic (non-designated)
hedging activities, and timing differences related to unrealized mark-to-market adjustments of equity securities and trading
16