Notes
• All references to growth rate percentages and share compare the results of the period to those of the prior year
comparable period, unless otherwise noted.
• All references to volume and volume percentage changes indicate unit case volume, unless otherwise noted. All
volume percentage changes are computed based on average daily sales unless otherwise noted. “Unit case”
means a unit of measurement equal to 192 U.S. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings),
with the exception of unit case equivalents for Costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, which are primarily
measured in number of transactions. “Unit case volume” means the number of unit cases (or unit case
equivalents) of company beverages directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to
customers or consumers.
• “Concentrate sales” represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, beverage bases, source waters and
powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished beverages
sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. For Costa non-ready-to-drink beverage
products, “concentrate sales” represents the amount of beverages, primarily measured in number of
transactions (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents), sold by the company to customers or
consumers. In the reconciliation of reported net revenues, “concentrate sales” represents the percent change in
net revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for the geographic operating
segments after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. For the Bottling Investments operating
segment, this represents the percent change in net revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case
volume computed based on total sales (rather than average daily sales) in each of the corresponding periods
after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. The Bottling Investments operating segment reflects
unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only.
• “Price/mix” represents the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as price changes, the mix
of products and packages sold, and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred.
• First quarter 2025 financial results were impacted by two fewer days as compared to first quarter 2024, and
fourth quarter 2025 financial results will be impacted by one additional day as compared to fourth quarter 2024.
Unit case volume results for the quarters are not impacted by the variances in days due to the average daily
sales computation referenced above.
Conference Call
The company is hosting a conference call with investors and analysts to discuss second quarter 2025 operating
results today, July 22, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. ET. The company invites participants to listen to a live webcast of the
conference call on the company’s website, http://www.coca-colacompany.com, in the “Investors” section. An audio
replay in downloadable digital format and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 24 hours
following the call. Further, the “Investors” section of the website includes certain supplemental information and a
reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the company’s results as reported under GAAP, which may be
used during the call when discussing financial results.
Contacts:
Investors and Analysts: Robin Halpern, koinvestorrelations@coca-cola.com
Media: Scott Leith, sleith@coca-cola.com
8