• Cash flow: Operating cash flow was negative $1.4 billion, which reflects $6.1 billion of the contingent
consideration payment made during the first quarter in conjunction with the acquisition of fairlife, LLC (“fairlife”) in
2020 (“fairlife contingent consideration payment”). Free cash flow (non-GAAP) declined $5.5 billion versus the prior
year, resulting in negative free cash flow (non-GAAP) of $2.1 billion. Free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent
consideration payment (non-GAAP) was $3.9 billion.
Company Updates
• Uplifting consumer connections through brand-led marketing: The company continued to drive consumer
engagement, fueled by Trademark Coca-Cola and the global relaunch of the iconic “Share a Coke” campaign.
Reimagined for the next generation, ”Share a Coke” taps into nostalgia with personalized bottles and cans to share
with friends and family and serves as a reminder that Coca-Cola is for everyone. Rolled out across the Trademark
Coca-Cola portfolio and amplified by connected packaging, the campaign returned on a larger scale, activated with
approximately 10 billion bottles and cans in more than 120 countries with over 30,000 names tailored to local
markets. The campaign contributed to single-serve transaction growth for the category, while Coca-Cola Zero
Sugar achieved double-digit volume growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. In North America, the company also
launched the “This is My Taste” campaign for Diet Coke, inspired by social media insights showing that consumers
use a distinctive language, like “crispy” taste, to express their connection to the brand. The campaign contributed
to growth in the quarter, marking Diet Coke’s fourth consecutive quarter of volume growth in North America,
reinvigorating the brand and adding a new generation of consumers to its loyal following. As part of its ongoing
innovation agenda, this fall in the United States, the company plans to launch an offering made with U.S. cane
sugar to expand its Trademark Coca-Cola product range. This addition is designed to complement the company’s
strong core portfolio and offer more choices across occasions and preferences.
• Untapping opportunities through end-to-end revenue growth management (“RGM”) capabilities: The
Coca-Cola system’s RGM strategy helps to ensure it has the right products, in the right packages, at the right price
points, in the right channels, with the right messages to meet consumer needs. The company, in partnership with
its bottling partners, is transforming its trove of data into segmented insights to identify new opportunities in the
market and create more transactions at the point of sale. For example, within the juice drinks category, the
company has added more than 130 million transactions year-to-date by focusing on lower-cost single-serve
offerings in markets that include Latin America and India, where consumers are looking for commercial beverages
at affordable prices. Additionally, in Spain, volume improved sequentially, partially by pairing sparkling soft drinks in
an affordable 1.25-liter package with enhanced point-of-sale materials communicating the value and drinking
occasion. The strategy of utilizing all RGM levers continues to allow the company to grow transactions ahead of
volume and generate positive mix benefits, which has continued for the past several years.
2