THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The company reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(“GAAP” or referred to herein as “reported”). To supplement our consolidated financial statements reported on a GAAP
basis, we provide the following non-GAAP financial measures: “comparable net revenues,” “comparable currency neutral
net revenues,” “organic revenues,” “comparable operating margin,” “underlying operating margin,” “comparable operating
income,” “comparable currency neutral operating income,” “comparable EPS,” “comparable currency neutral EPS,”
“underlying effective tax rate,” “projected cash flow from operations excluding the fairlife contingent consideration
payment,” “free cash flow,” “free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment” and “projected free
cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment” each of which is defined below. Management believes
these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional meaningful financial information that should be
considered when assessing our underlying business performance and trends. Further, management believes these non-
GAAP financial measures also enhance investors’ ability to compare period-to-period financial results. Non-GAAP
financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company’s reported results prepared
in accordance with GAAP. Our non-GAAP financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting.
Therefore, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other
companies. Reconciliations of each of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP information are also included below.
Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating, compensation and planning
decisions and in evaluating the company’s performance. Disclosing these non-GAAP financial measures allows investors
and management to view our operating results excluding the impact of items that are not reflective of the underlying
operating performance.
DEFINITIONS
• “Currency neutral operating results” are determined by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, our current period
actual U.S. dollar operating results, by the current period actual exchange rates (that include the impact of current
period currency hedging activities), to derive our current period local currency operating results. We then multiply or
divide, as appropriate, the derived current period local currency operating results by the foreign currency exchange
rates (that also include the impact of the comparable prior period currency hedging activities) used to translate the
company’s financial statements in the comparable prior year period to determine what the current period U.S. dollar
operating results would have been if the foreign currency exchange rates had not changed from the comparable
prior year period.
• “Structural changes” generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling operations, including the impact of
intercompany transactions between our operating segments. In January, February and December 2024 as well as
May 2025, the company refranchised our bottling operations in certain territories in India, and in February 2024, the
company refranchised our bottling operations in Bangladesh and the Philippines. The impact of each of these
refranchisings has been included in acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes in our analysis of net revenues
on a consolidated basis as well as for the Bottling Investments and Asia Pacific operating segments for the three
and six months ended June 27, 2025, as applicable.
• “Comparable net revenues” is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for
items impacting comparability (discussed further below). “Comparable currency neutral net revenues” is a
non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been adjusted for items impacting comparability
(discussed further below) as well as the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Management
believes the comparable net revenues (non-GAAP) growth measure and the comparable currency neutral net
revenues (non-GAAP) growth measure provide investors with useful supplemental information to enhance their
understanding of the company’s revenue performance and trends by improving their ability to compare our period-
to-period results. “Organic revenues” is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or has otherwise been
adjusted for the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes, as applicable, and the impact of
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Management believes the organic revenue (non-GAAP) growth
measure provides users with useful supplemental information regarding the company’s ongoing revenue
performance and trends by presenting revenue growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange as well as the
impact of acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes. The adjustments related to acquisitions, divestitures and
structural changes for the three and six months ended June 27, 2025 included the structural changes discussed
above.
15