Outlook
The 2025 outlook information provided below includes forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures, which
management uses in measuring performance. The company is not able to reconcile full year 2025 projected organic
revenues (non-GAAP) to full year 2025 projected reported net revenues, full year 2025 projected comparable net
revenues (non-GAAP) to full year 2025 projected reported net revenues, full year 2025 projected underlying
effective tax rate (non-GAAP) to full year 2025 projected reported effective tax rate, full year 2025 projected
comparable currency neutral EPS (non-GAAP) to full year 2025 projected reported EPS, or full year 2025 projected
comparable EPS (non-GAAP) to full year 2025 projected reported EPS without unreasonable efforts because it is
not possible to predict with a reasonable degree of certainty the exact timing and exact impact of acquisitions,
divestitures and structural changes throughout 2025; the exact timing and exact amount of items impacting
comparability throughout 2025; and the exact impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates throughout
2025. The unavailable information could have a significant impact on the company’s full year 2025 reported financial
results.
Full Year 2025
Based on the current macroenvironment, the company is providing the following full year guidance.
The company expects to deliver organic revenue (non-GAAP) growth of 5% to 6%. — No Update
For comparable net revenues (non-GAAP), the company expects a 1% to 2% currency headwind based on the
current rates and including the impact of hedged positions, in addition to an approximate 1% headwind from
acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes. — Updated
The company’s operations are primarily local, however, they are subject to global trade dynamics that may impact
certain components of the company’s cost structure across its markets. At this time, the company expects the
impact to be manageable. — No Update
The company’s underlying effective tax rate (non-GAAP) is estimated to be 20.8% versus 18.6% in 2024. This
includes the impact of several countries enacting the global minimum tax regulations and does not include the
impact of ongoing tax litigation with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, if the company were not to prevail. — No
Update
The company expects to deliver comparable currency neutral EPS (non-GAAP) growth of approximately 8%. —
Updated
The company expects comparable EPS (non-GAAP) growth of approximately 3% versus $2.88 in 2024. — Updated
Comparable EPS (non-GAAP) percentage growth is expected to include an approximate 5% currency headwind
based on the current rates and including the impact of hedged positions, in addition to an approximate 1%
headwind from acquisitions, divestitures and structural changes. — Updated
The company expects to generate free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment (non-
GAAP) of approximately $9.5 billion. This consists of cash flow from operations excluding the fairlife contingent
consideration payment (non-GAAP) of approximately $11.7 billion, less capital expenditures of approximately
$2.2 billion. — No Update
Third Quarter 2025 Considerations — New
Comparable net revenues (non-GAAP) are expected to include an approximate 1% currency headwind based on
the current rates and including the impact of hedged positions.
Comparable EPS (non-GAAP) percentage growth is expected to include a 5% to 6% currency headwind based on
the current rates and including the impact of hedged positions.
7