THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures
debt securities, regardless of size. In addition, we provide the impact that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
had on our financial results (“currency neutral operating results” defined above).
Asset Impairments
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge
of $40 million related to an equity method investee in Latin America, which was primarily driven by revised projections of
future operating results. The company also recorded a charge of $31 million related to the impairment of a trademark in
Latin America, which was primarily driven by revised projections of future operating results and changes in
macroeconomic conditions.
During the six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of
$25 million in Latin America, primarily driven by the restructuring of a joint venture.
During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge
of $34 million related to an equity method investee in Latin America.
During the six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded a charge of $760 million related to the impairment of
our BODYARMOR trademark, which was primarily driven by revised projections of future operating results and higher
discount rates resulting from changes in macroeconomic conditions since the acquisition date.
Equity Investees
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded net charges of $20 million and $28 million,
respectively. During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded net charges of $24 million and
$49 million, respectively. These amounts represent the company’s proportionate share of significant operating and
nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees.
Transaction Gains/Losses
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recognized a net gain of $102 million and incurred
$7 million of transaction costs related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India. The
company also recorded a charge of $28 million related to assets held for sale.
During the six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded a net gain of $331 million related to the sale of a
portion of our ownership interest in Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc, an equity method investee. The company also
recorded a charge of $47 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in
conjunction with our acquisition of fairlife. In March 2025, the company made the remaining milestone payment for fairlife.
During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded charges of $1,337 million and
$2,102 million, respectively, related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in
conjunction with our acquisition of fairlife. Additionally, the company recorded a loss of $3 million and a net gain of
$290 million, respectively, related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India, including the
impact of post-closing adjustments. The company also recorded a gain of $6 million related to the sale of our ownership
interest in one of our equity method investees in Latin America.
During the six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded a net gain of $599 million related to the refranchising
of our bottling operations in the Philippines. Additionally, the company recognized a net gain of $516 million related to the
sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee in Thailand. The company also incurred $7 million of
transaction costs related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in certain territories in India and recorded a loss of
$7 million related to post-closing adjustments for the refranchising of our bottling operations in Vietnam in 2023.
Restructuring
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded charges of $28 million and $39 million,
respectively. During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded charges of $32 million and
$68 million, respectively. The costs incurred were primarily related to certain initiatives designed to further simplify and
standardize our organization as part of our productivity and reinvestment program.
17