THE COCA-COLA COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Other Items
Economic (Non-Designated) Hedges
The company uses derivatives as economic hedges primarily to mitigate the foreign exchange risk for certain currencies,
certain interest rate risk, and the price risk associated with the purchase of materials used in our manufacturing processes
as well as the purchase of vehicle fuel. Although these derivatives were not designated and/or did not qualify for hedge
accounting, they are effective economic hedges. The changes in fair values of these economic hedges are immediately
recognized in earnings.
The company excludes the net impact of mark-to-market adjustments for outstanding hedges and realized gains/losses
for settled hedges from our non-GAAP financial information until the period in which the underlying exposure being
hedged impacts our consolidated statement of income. Management believes this adjustment provides meaningful
information related to the impact of our economic hedging activities. During the three and six months ended June 27,
2025, the net impact of the company’s adjustment related to our economic hedging activities resulted in increases of
$24 million and $71 million, respectively, to our non-GAAP income before income taxes.
During the six months ended June 28, 2024, the net impact of the company’s adjustment related to our economic hedging
activities resulted in a decrease of $80 million to our non-GAAP income before income taxes.
Unrealized Gains and Losses on Equity and Trading Debt Securities
The company excludes the net impact of unrealized gains and losses resulting from mark-to-market adjustments on our
equity and trading debt securities from our non-GAAP financial information until the period in which the underlying
securities are sold and the associated gains or losses are realized, unless individually significant. Management believes
this adjustment provides meaningful information related to the impact of our investments in equity and trading debt
securities. During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the net impact of the company’s adjustment related to
unrealized gains and losses on our equity and trading debt securities resulted in decreases of $131 million and
$87 million, respectively, to our non-GAAP income before income taxes.
During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the net impact of the company’s adjustment related to unrealized
gains and losses on our equity and trading debt securities resulted in decreases of $30 million and $161 million,
respectively, to our non-GAAP income before income taxes.
Other
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded charges of $4 million and $7 million,
respectively, for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the BODYARMOR acquisition in 2021. The
company also recorded net charges of $2 million and $5 million, respectively, related to tax litigation expense. Additionally,
the company recorded a benefit of $1 million and a charge of $8 million, respectively, related to an indemnification
agreement entered into as a part of the refranchising of certain bottling operations.
During the six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded a net charge $2 million related to restructuring our
manufacturing operations in the United States and a charge of $36 million related to non-U.S. pension curtailment and
special termination benefits.
During the three and six months ended June 28, 2024, the company recorded net charges of $7 million and $10 million,
respectively, related to restructuring our manufacturing operations in the United States. Additionally, the company
recorded charges of $3 million and $7 million, respectively, for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the
BODYARMOR acquisition. The company also recorded net benefits of $2 million and $1 million, respectively, related to a
revision of management’s estimates for tax litigation expense.
Certain Tax Matters
During the three and six months ended June 27, 2025, the company recorded $6 million and $25 million, respectively, of
excess tax benefits associated with the company’s stock-based compensation arrangements and net income tax expense
of $21 million and $35 million, respectively, primarily associated with return to provision adjustments. The company also
18