- 8 -
is the first perioperative anti-PD-1 treatment regimen for adults with resectable locally advanced
HNSCC whose tumors express PD-L1 (CPS ≥1). In addition, the Ministry of Health, Labor and
Welfare (MHLW) in Japan approved WELIREG as monotherapy for the treatment of adults with
von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) disease-associated tumors, and for adults with unresectable or
metastatic RCC that has progressed after chemotherapy.
At the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting, the Company
announced new research across more than 25 types of cancer in multiple treatment settings.
Data were presented for several candidates, including MK-1084, an investigational oral
selective KRAS G12C inhibitor, and from the Company’s pipeline of antibody-drug conjugates
(ADCs). The Company also presented data from Phase 3 trials evaluating new combination
regimens with KEYTRUDA, and longer-term data for studies of KEYTRUDA and WELIREG,
with the KEYTRUDA studies including people with earlier stages of cancer.
The Company announced results from the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-B96 trial (also known as
ENGOT-ov65) evaluating KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, which met its primary endpoint of
progression-free survival (PFS) for the treatment of patients with platinum-resistant recurrent
ovarian cancer whose tumors express PD-L1 and in all comers, as well as a secondary
endpoint of overall survival (OS) in patients whose tumors express PD-L1. In addition, a pre-
specified interim analysis of the Phase 3 KEYNOTE-937 study found that compared to placebo,
KEYTRUDA did not show a statistically significant improvement in the primary endpoint of
recurrence-free survival for certain patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Also, a pre-specified
interim analysis of the Phase 3 LEAP-014 trial found that KEYTRUDA plus Lenvima, in
combination with platinum-based chemotherapy, did not show a statistically significant
improvement in its primary endpoint of OS compared to KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy for the
first-line treatment of patients with metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC).
In vaccines and infectious diseases, the Company received FDA approval of
ENFLONSIA for the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) lower respiratory tract
disease in newborns and infants who are born during or entering their first RSV season.
ENFLONSIA is the first and only RSV preventive option administered to infants using the same
dose regardless of weight. The CDC’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)
also recommended ENFLONSIA for the prevention of RSV in infants younger than 8 months of
age born during or entering their first RSV season. In addition, the Company announced
initiation of the MOBILIZE-1 Phase 3 trial evaluating V181, an investigational single-dose
quadrivalent vaccine for the prevention of dengue disease.
In addition, the FDA accepted a New Drug Application (NDA) for doravirine/islatravir, an
investigational, once-daily, oral, two-drug regimen for the treatment of adults with virologically
suppressed HIV-1 based on the Phase 3 MK-8591A-051 and MK-8591A-052 trials. The FDA set
a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) date of April 28, 2026. The Company also
announced the initiation of the EXPrESSIVE Phase 3 trials for MK-8527, its investigational
once-monthly oral candidate for HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP).