- 12 -
million (recorded in the second quarter of 2025) for an upfront payment made in connection with
the closing of a license agreement with Hengrui Pharma and the one-time charge of $300
million (to be recorded in the third quarter of 2025) related to a payment to LaNova for the
completion of the technology transfer for MK-2010, which will impact EPS by approximately
$0.16 in the aggregate. In 2024, non-GAAP EPS of $7.65 was negatively impacted by a net
charge of $1.28 per share related to certain asset acquisitions, licensing agreements and
collaborations.
The financial outlook does not include the anticipated impact of the announced
acquisition of Verona Pharma.
Consistent with past practice, the financial outlook does not assume additional
significant potential business development transactions.
The $200 million of costs previously included in the Company’s financial outlook related
to the impact of tariffs is unchanged pending the outcome of additional potential government
actions.
Earnings Conference Call
Investors, journalists and the general public may access a live audio webcast of the call
on Tuesday, July 29, at 9 a.m. ET via this weblink. A replay of the webcast, along with the sales
and earnings news release, supplemental financial disclosures and slides highlighting the
results, will be available on the Company’s website.
All participants may join the call by dialing (800) 369-3351 (U.S. and Canada Toll-Free)
or (517) 308-9448 and using the access code 9818590.
About Our Company
At Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N.J., USA, known as MSD outside of the United States
and Canada, we are unified around our purpose: We use the power of leading-edge science to
save and improve lives around the world. For more than 130 years, we have brought hope to
humanity through the development of important medicines and vaccines. We aspire to be the
premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company in the world – and today, we are at the
forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions that advance the prevention and
treatment of diseases in people and animals. We foster a diverse and inclusive global workforce
and operate responsibly every day to enable a safe, sustainable and healthy future for all
people and communities.
Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N.J., USA
This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N.J., USA (the “Company”) includes
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current
beliefs and expectations of the Company’s management and are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline candidates that the