- 9 -
In cardiovascular disease, the Company announced positive topline results from Phase
3 CORALreef HeFH and CORALreef AddOn, the first two of three Phase 3 clinical trials
evaluating the safety and efficacy of enlicitide decanoate, an investigational, oral proprotein
convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitor being evaluated for the treatment of adults
with hyperlipidemia already on lipid-lowering therapies, including at least a statin. In both trials,
enlicitide demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful reductions in low-density
lipoprotein cholesterol. If approved, it would be the first marketed oral PCSK9 inhibitor.
In addition, the FDA granted priority review for a new supplemental Biologics License
Application for WINREVAIR seeking approval to update the U.S. product label based on
compelling results from the Phase 3 ZENITH trial. The FDA has set a PDUFA date of Oct. 25,
2025. The Company also provided an update on the Phase 3 HYPERION study evaluating
WINREVAIR in recently diagnosed adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). In the
study, WINREVAIR added on top of background therapy within 12 months after initial diagnosis
of PAH demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in the risk of
clinical worsening events when compared to placebo. Further, the MHLW in Japan approved
sotatercept for the treatment of adults with PAH under the trademark AIRWIN. It is the first
activin signaling inhibitor therapy for PAH approved in Japan.
In the Animal Health business, the FDA approved BRAVECTO QUANTUM, an injectable
formulation of BRAVECTO for dogs for the treatment and persistent killing of fleas and ticks. In
addition, the European Commission (EC) approved NUMELVI tablets for dogs, a once-daily,
second-generation Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor, indicated for the treatment of pruritus
associated with allergic dermatitis including atopic dermatitis and treatment of clinical
manifestations of atopic dermatitis.
Notable recent news releases on the Company’s pipeline and portfolio are provided in
the table that follows. Visit the News Releases section of the Company’s website to read the
releases*.
FDA Approved KEYTRUDA for PD-L1+ Resectable Locally Advanced HNSCC as
Neoadjuvant Treatment, Continued as Adjuvant Treatment Combined With Radiotherapy
With or Without Cisplatin Then as a Single Agent; Based on Results From Phase 3
KEYNOTE-689 Trial
FDA Approved WELIREG for Treatment of Adults and Pediatric Patients 12 Years and
Older With Locally Advanced, Unresectable, or Metastatic Pheochromocytoma or
Paraganglioma; Based on Results From Phase 2 LITESPARK-015 Clinical Trial
Phase 3 KEYNOTE-B96 Trial Met Primary Endpoint of PFS in Patients With Platinum-
Resistant Recurrent Ovarian Cancer Whose Tumors Expressed PD-L1 and in All Comers
Oncology KEYTRUDA Plus Trodelvy Reduced Risk of Disease Progression or Death by 35% Versus
KEYTRUDA Plus Chemotherapy in First-Line PD-L1+ Metastatic Triple-Negative Breast
Cancer; Based on Results From Phase 3 ASCENT-04/KEYNOTE-D19 Trial
MK-1084, an Investigational KRAS G12C Inhibitor, Showed Antitumor Activity in Phase 1
Trial of Patients With Advanced Colorectal Cancer and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
Whose Tumors Harbor KRAS G12C Mutations
Investigational Zilovertamab Vedotin at 1.75 mg/kg Dose Plus Standard of Care Showed
Promising Antitumor Activity, Including Complete Response Rate, in Patients With
Relapsed/Refractory Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma; Based on Results From Phase 2
WaveLINE-003 Trial