JPMorgan Chase & Co.
News Release
2. Notes on non-GAAP financial measures:
a. The Firm prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the U.S. (“U.S. GAAP”). That presentation, which is referred to as “reported” basis, provides the reader with an
understanding of the Firm’s results that can be tracked consistently from year-to-year and enables a comparison of the
Firm’s performance with the U.S. GAAP financial statements of other companies. In addition to analyzing the Firm’s
results on a reported basis, management reviews Firmwide results, including the overhead ratio, on a “managed” basis;
these Firmwide managed basis results are non-GAAP financial measures. The Firm also reviews the results of the lines of
business on a managed basis. The Firm’s definition of managed basis starts, in each case, with the reported U.S. GAAP
results and includes certain reclassifications to present total net revenue for the Firm as a whole and for each of the
reportable business segments and Corporate on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. Accordingly, revenue from investments
that receive tax credits and tax-exempt securities is presented in the managed results on a basis comparable to taxable
investments and securities. These financial measures allow management to assess the comparability of revenue from year-
to-year arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The corresponding income tax impact related to tax-exempt
items is recorded within income tax expense. These adjustments have no impact on net income as reported by the Firm as a
whole or by each of the lines of business and Corporate. For a reconciliation of the Firm’s results from a reported to
managed basis, refer to page 7 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement.
b. Tangible common equity (“TCE”), return on tangible common equity (“ROTCE”) and tangible book value per share
(“TBVPS”) are each non-GAAP financial measures. TCE represents the Firm’s common stockholders’ equity (i.e., total
stockholders’ equity less preferred stock) less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing
rights), net of related deferred tax liabilities. For a reconciliation from common stockholders’ equity to TCE, refer to page
10 of the Earnings Release Financial Supplement. ROTCE measures the Firm’s net income applicable to common equity as
a percentage of average TCE. TBVPS represents the Firm’s TCE at period-end divided by common shares at period-end.
Book value per share was $122.51, $119.24 and $111.29 at June 30, 2025, March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively.
TCE, ROTCE and TBVPS are utilized by the Firm, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing the Firm’s use of equity.
c. In addition to reviewing net interest income (“NII”) and noninterest revenue (“NIR”) on a managed basis, management also
reviews these metrics excluding Markets, which is composed of Fixed Income Markets and Equity Markets. Markets
revenue consists of principal transactions, fees, commissions and other income, as well as net interest income. These
metrics, which exclude Markets, are non-GAAP financial measures. Management reviews these metrics to assess the
performance of the Firm’s lending, investing (including asset-liability management) and deposit-raising activities, apart
from any volatility associated with Markets activities. In addition, management also assesses Markets business
performance on a total revenue basis as offsets may occur across revenue lines. For example, securities that generate net
interest income may be risk-managed by derivatives that are reflected at fair value in principal transactions revenue.
Management believes these measures provide investors and analysts with alternative measures to analyze the revenue
trends of the Firm. For a reconciliation of NII and NIR from reported to excluding Markets, refer to page 28 of the
Earnings Release Financial Supplement. For additional information on Markets revenue, refer to pages 81-82 of the Firm’s
2024 Form 10-K.
d. Second-quarter 2025 net income and earnings per share excluding the $774 million income tax benefit are non-GAAP
financial measures. Excluding this item resulted in a decrease of $774 million (after tax) to reported net income from $15.0
billion to $14.2 billion and a decrease of $0.28 per share to reported EPS from $5.24 to $4.96. Management believes these
measures provide useful information to investors and analysts in assessing the Firm’s results.
6