2023 climate change resilience report

=== PAGE BREAK ===

in this report
chairman’s letter .......................................................................... 2
view from the lead director ...................................................... 3
highlights ....................................................................................... 4
executive summary
delivering long-term value in a lower carbon future ........ 5
section 1: governance framework
continuing strong oversight ..................................................... 6
section 2: risk management
assessing and managing transition
and physical risks .......................................................................12
section 3: strategy
positioning for higher returns, lower carbon ................... 22
section 4: portfolio
growing a competitive advantage .......................................37
section 5: performance and policy
measuring and advocating for what matters .................. 50
section 6: metrics
aligning to TCFD, SASB and others .....................................65
section 7: about this report
promoting transparent reporting ........................................82
Original release October 2023; updates March 2024.
35: updated IEA carbon intensity data; 38: updated Chevron’s production
percentage; 43: updated exhibit; 48: updated patent number; 53: added
E-liability; 60: added California mandatory reporting; 71–76: updated data
tables and footnotes

=== PAGE BREAK ===

advancing
energy progress
at chevron, we believe that the future of energy is
lower carbon and that human ingenuity and the power
of innovation can solve any challenge
Photo: Anchor major capital project hull arriving to Kiewit in Ingleside,
Texas. Our U.S. Gulf of Mexico facilities are some of the lowest carbon
intensity-producing assets in the world.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
1

=== PAGE BREAK ===

chairman’s letter
“the strengths we have today are
important to innovating and scaling the
solutions of tomorrow”
We all have a stake in a reliable and affordable energy system and Renewable fuels provide a promising path to reducing the carbon
a lower carbon future. This belief drives Chevron’s lower carbon intensity of heavy transportation, including trucking, aviation
ambitions and the actions we take to advance them, which are and shipping, by allowing customers to use existing equipment.
detailed in this report. With the planned completion of the expansion of the Geismar
biorefinery in 2024, our overall renewable fuels capacity is
Our strategy is clear: Leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower expected to increase by 30%.
carbon energy to a growing world. Our greatest strengths are
our assets, the capabilities of our people and technology, and our We also continue to advance carbon capture, utilization
customers. We’re building on these strengths to create value for and storage, another technology critical to advancing a lower
our stockholders and our stakeholders in three ways. carbon future. Through a joint venture with Talos Energy and
Equinor, our Texas Bayou Bend project is positioned to be one of
First, we aim to lead in lower carbon intensity oil, products the largest carbon storage projects in the United States. In early
and natural gas, which are expected to be part of the global 2023, the project was expanded to cover nearly 140,000 acres
energy mix for the foreseeable future. While there are many of geological formation.
potential pathways to achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement,
all include the continued use of oil and gas, even in rapid Finally, we believe measurable outcomes are important to
decarbonization scenarios. transparency and use metrics to track our progress. Our portfolio
carbon intensity metric measures the full value chain carbon
It’s within this context that we strive to be among the most efficient intensity of our entire business.
and responsible producers of lower carbon energy.
Many solutions will be needed to build the lower carbon energy
To drive down the carbon intensity of our operations, we are system of the future. The strengths we have today – experience,
high-grading our portfolio, improving operations and using expertise, reach and partnerships – are important to innovating
marginal abatement cost analysis to drive the most reduction from and scaling the solutions of tomorrow.
each dollar spent. Examples of progress include our deepwater
U.S. Gulf of Mexico operations, which produce some of the world’s We look ahead with optimism and remain confident in the power
lowest carbon intensity oil and gas, and our methane intensity of human ingenuity to deliver progress.
performance in the Permian Basin, which was in the top quartile
of oil and gas producers in 2021. Thank you,
Second, we’re helping to reduce the carbon emissions of
major industries and hard-to-abate sectors by advancing new
products and solutions, including renewable fuels, carbon capture
and offsets, hydrogen, and other emerging technologies, such
as geothermal. Michael K. Wirth
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
2

=== PAGE BREAK ===

view from the lead director
dr. wanda austin
“innovative solutions are
needed to ensure energy is lower carbon,
affordable and reliable”
how does the Board of Directors oversee how is the role of technology evolving?
climate-related risks? Technology will play a major role in shaping the energy
Directors provide oversight and advice for navigating the evolving mix in both the near- and long-term future. Innovative solutions
landscape and furthering Chevron’s strategy to leverage its are needed to ensure energy is lower carbon, affordable and
strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. reliable. These solutions should consider lifecycle emissions and
The Board has deep expertise and broad experience across many be cost-effective and scalable. Although there is great focus on
disciplines. The Board’s four standing committees help our Board electrification, the world must look to many different solutions
fulfill its oversight responsibilities related to climate issues. For because reducing emissions in essential industries like air
example, the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee assists travel, shipping and heavy industry cannot be achieved through
the Board in identifying, monitoring and evaluating potential electrification alone. Chevron has a strategy that aims to advance
implications of climate-related policies and trends that affect lower carbon technologies that can be developed and deployed on
Chevron’s businesses and performance. the scale needed for meaningful carbon reduction in hard-to-abate
sectors, including its own.
how does the Board bring in new ideas?
The Board receives regular briefings from internal and what are your views on the path and pace
independent external subject matter experts and considers of the energy transition?
broad perspectives on climate change-related matters. In four Achieving a successful energy system of the future requires three
of the past five years, the Board participated in offsite strategy things: First, it must deliver solutions that meet customer needs,
sessions that included presentations by third-party experts on balancing affordability, reliability and lower carbon; second, given
issues related to climate change and the energy transition, such the scale of the energy system, these solutions must be scalable
as policies, regulations, technology and marketplace evolution. to be meaningful; third, once a solution works and is scalable, the
Fostering long-term and broad-based perspectives are also pace of transition can accelerate.
important Chevron objectives. The Board engages extensively
with external stakeholders, including stockholders, as an essential Chevron’s assets, the capabilities of its people and technology,
part of advancing the company’s environmental goals. Our and customers are distinct advantages in helping to meet the
Directors’ regular participation in these dialogues enhances the world’s energy and climate goals. I’m optimistic about the progress
Board’s effectiveness. Chevron is making, and I believe Chevron will play a major role in
shaping the energy system of the future.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
3

=== PAGE BREAK ===

advancing energy progress
chevron’s strategy is to leverage our strengths to
safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world
Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior stockholder value in any business
environment. Adopting intensity metrics provides Chevron the flexibility to grow our upstream and downstream
businesses while aiming to become an increasingly carbon-efficient operator. We are investing to grow our
traditional oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of our operations and grow new lower carbon businesses
in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets, hydrogen, and other emerging technologies.
lowering the carbon intensity of our operations
2028 targets
(pages 66–70)
71 g CO₂e/MJ 24 kg CO₂e/boe 24 kg CO₂e/boe 36 kg CO₂e/boe
portfolio carbon intensity gas carbon intensity oil carbon intensity refining carbon intensity
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2028 (Scope 1 and 2) by 2028 (Scope 1 and 2) by 2028 (Scope 1 and 2) by 2028
2030 targets planned capital allocation
(pages 45–48) (pages 39, 45–49)
100 mbd
$8.0 $2.0
renewable fuels
production capacity
billion billion
25 mmtpa
offsets business in lower carbon in carbon reduction
and CCUS investments by 2028 projects by 2028
150 mtpa
hydrogen equity
production capacity
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
4

=== PAGE BREAK ===

executive summary
At Chevron, we believe the future of energy is lower carbon, and we fuels will remain an important part of the energy system for years
support the global ambitions of the Paris Agreement. This report to come and that the energy mix will increasingly include lower
builds on our previous five editions and has updates throughout as carbon sources. As part of our strategic planning process, we
we outline our governance, risk management, strategy, portfolio, use models and analysis to forecast demand, energy mix, supply,
performance and policy, and metrics. commodity pricing and carbon prices. This includes assumptions
about future policy, such as those that may be implemented in
support of the Paris Agreement’s goal of “holding the increase in
board and management oversight
the global average temperature to well below 2° C above pre-
Given the nature of climate change and its relevance to our industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature
business, the entire Board of Directors addresses climate change- increase to 1.5° C above pre-industrial levels.”
related issues, with the Board’s committees assisting the Board
by focusing on climate issues related to their respective functions. We believe that our asset mix and actions in new energies enable
The Board has four standing committees: Public Policy and us to be flexible in response to potential changes in supply
Sustainability; Audit; Board Nominating and Governance; and and demand.
Management Compensation. At the executive level, we manage
potential climate change-related risks and energy transition performance and policy
opportunities through the Enterprise Leadership Team and
the Global Issues Committee, each of which meets regularly In 2022, more than 50% of our equity (i.e., participating share
throughout the year. of emissions both from facilities that Chevron operates and
from our nonoperated joint ventures) direct emissions were in
regions with existing or developing carbon-pricing policies. In this
risk assessment and management
environment, and into a future likely to include additional lower
We face a broad array of climate-related risks, including physical, carbon policies, we seek to find solutions that are good for society
legal, policy, technology, market and reputational risks. We and good for investors.
operationalize an enterprisewide process to assess major risks
to the company and seek to apply appropriate mitigations and To achieve society’s goals most effectively, markets should be
safeguards. As part of this process, we conduct an annual risk empowered to incentivize the most carbon-efficient producers
review with executive leadership and the Board of Directors and and enabled through transparent performance reporting.
assess our risks, safeguards and mitigations. As Chevron aims to We continue to help develop standardized methodologies for
safely deliver higher returns and lower carbon in a transitioning carbon data that are calculated in a consistent, reliable, transparent
world, we continue to place a high priority on the safety and way and are comparable across sectors and firms of all sizes to
health of our workforce and on the protection of communities, enable progress toward a lower carbon future.
the environment and our assets.
success in a lower carbon future
higher returns, lower carbon
We aim to grow our traditional oil and gas business, lower the
Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and carbon intensity of our operations and grow new lower carbon
superior stockholder value in any business environment. Chevron’s businesses in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets,
strategic and business planning processes bring together the hydrogen, and other emerging technologies.
company’s views on long-term energy market fundamentals to
guide decision making by executives and to facilitate oversight
by the Board of Directors. The world’s energy demands are
greater now than at any time in human history. Chevron has a
long history of producing oil, gas and other products that enable
human progress, which we proudly continue today as we pursue
the energy future. Many published outlooks conclude that fossil
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
5

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 1
governance
framework
1.1 board oversight ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 7
1.2 executive management of climate risks ........................................................................................................................................................... 11
1.3 organizational capability on energy transition ...............................................................................................................................................11
Photo: In 2022, Lead Director Dr. Wanda Austin met with stakeholders and employees
at Chevron operations in the Eastern Mediterranean and visited the Leviathan offshore
platform. The Board of Directors’ approach to governance and oversight is informed
by feedback and engagements from our stakeholders.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
6

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 1: governance framework
Given the nature of climate change and its relevance to our
business, the entire Board addresses climate change-related
board and management oversight
issues, with the Board’s committees assisting the Board by
focusing on climate issues related to their respective functions.
Our climate-related governance is designed to manage The Board has four standing committees: Public Policy and
potential climate change-related risks and energy transition Sustainability; Audit; Board Nominating and Governance; and
opportunities. Board oversight, executive management and Management Compensation (Exhibit 1). Each Board committee
organizational capability are foundational elements to our
includes only independent Directors, and each is chaired by an
disciplined approach.
independent Director. Each committee has access to management,
company information and independent advisors. In 2020 and 2021,
the Board reviewed its governance of climate change-related risks
and energy transition opportunities with the aim of leveraging
the purview of the four standing committees and more clearly
1.1 board oversight
defining how each committee assists the Board with its oversight
responsibilities. As a result, the Board amended the charter of
Chevron’s Board of Directors oversees the company’s strategy and
each of the four standing committees to clearly articulate each
risk management, both of which include climate change issues. Our
committee’s responsibility in assisting the Board in its oversight
governance structure gives the Board multiple avenues to oversee
related to climate issues. Specifically, the Public Policy and
risks and opportunities, including those related to climate change.
Sustainability Committee’s charter was enhanced to underscore its
role in assisting the Board’s oversight of potential climate change-
The full Board annually reviews the company’s strategy,
related risks and energy transition opportunities.
including long-term energy outlooks and signposts on key trends.
The Board has access to education and training on climate-related
materials and to Chevron’s internal subject matter experts.
The Board also regularly receives briefings on climate-related
board engagement
issues, including policies, regulations, technology and adaptation.
The Board annually reviews Chevron’s Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) process, which assists the Board and executive leadership in The Board’s approach to governance and oversight is informed
by feedback from stakeholders. Members of the Board periodi-
overseeing key strategic risks for the company. Climate change is
cally engage stakeholders to discuss issues like climate change
addressed in a comprehensive manner in the ERM process
and to convey Chevron’s approach to the energy transition.
(see page 13). The viewpoints they hear on energy markets, geopolitics and
technology trends enable the Board to effectively deploy our
The full Board periodically meets with external experts to capital and human talent to achieve our higher returns, lower
carbon objective.
hear their perspectives on climate change and the energy
transition. Accessing external experts who have varying Chevron’s actions are directly informed by engaging with
viewpoints on the speed and scale of the energy transition our stockholders. In 2022, Chevron had over 90 one-on-one
environmental-, social- and governance-focused meetings with
may enable the Board to consider a range of risks and
stockholders representing approximately 50% of outstanding
opportunities arising from climate change.
common stock. Of these engagements, members of the Board
participated in environmental-, social- and governance-focused
meetings with stockholders representing approximately 28% of
outstanding common stock.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
7

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 1. Chevron’s governance structure relevant to potential climate change-related risk
and energy transition opportunity oversight
investors
board of directors*
Board-level committees composed
of non-employee directors
board nominating and management compensation public policy and sustainability
audit committee (AC)
governance committee (BNGC) committee (MCC) committee (PPSC)
Assists the Board in Assists the Board in Assists the Board in Assists the Board in
overseeing accounting overseeing governance overseeing compensation overseeing policy issues
and financial reporting practices and processes, programs and practices, and potential risks in areas
processes, including: including: including: such as:
• Internal controls over • Board succession planning • Executive retention and • Environmental matters,
financial reporting • Board skills, experiences diversity strategies including those related
• Relationship with and qualifications and supporting processes to sustainability and
independent auditor • Stockholder engagement • Compensation program climate change
• Implementation and program (in conjunction design and goals • Legislative and regulatory
effectiveness of with PPSC) • Alignment of compensation initiatives
compliance programs • Board, Committee and with stockholders’ interests, • Community relations
• Financial risk management Director evaluation process including those related • Political contributions and
• Cybersecurity risks to sustainability and lobbying
as they relate to financial climate change risks and • Chevron’s global reputation
risk exposures opportunities • Stockholder engagement
• Sustainability and climate program (in conjunction
change risks as they relate with BNGC)
to financial risk exposures
• O perational Excellence
audit and assurance
Committees of executive officers
operating under direction of the Board executive committee† (EC)
enterprise leadership team† global issues committee
(ELT) (GIC)
Manages the composition, resource Oversees management of sustainability
allocation and strategic direction of issues and practices, including:
Chevron’s portfolio in the following areas: • Energy transition
• Operational Excellence • Lobbying and trade association activity
• Performance improvement • ESG reporting
• Energy transition • Revenue and tax transparency
• Enterprise Risk Management process • Human capital management
• Market and price forecasts • Human rights
Receives briefings on these topics from Receives regular updates on these issues
internal subject matter experts and consults from internal subject matter experts in
with outside experts to discuss energy advance of quarterly meetings.
transition and climate change issues.
* Chaired by Chairman of the Board Additionally, events may be handled via ad hoc, cross-functional Crisis Management and Issue Management
† Chaired by Chief Executive Officer teams, which report regularly to members of the ELT, and if appropriate, provide updates to the Board.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
8

=== PAGE BREAK ===

1.1.1 Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) 1.1.2 Audit Committee (AC)
The PPSC assists the Board in identifying, monitoring and The AC reviews the company’s policies with respect to risk
evaluating potential climate risks, policies and trends that affect assessment and risk management and Chevron’s major financial
Chevron’s activities and performance. The PPSC discusses risk exposures, including sustainability and climate change risks.
Chevron’s progress in addressing sustainability and climate change These risks are discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of the
matters such as the energy transition, establishment of climate- company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K.1 The AC selects and
related goals and voluntary reporting of environmental matters. engages the company’s independent auditor and assists the Board
The PPSC is briefed on emerging or ongoing issues related to in overseeing the audit of the company’s financial statements.
capital markets, government policies and societal trends that
could significantly impact Chevron’s enterprise objectives. The 1.1.3 Management Compensation Committee (MCC)
PPSC reviews Chevron’s political activities, including how direct The MCC considers the relative alignment of the company’s
and indirect lobbying on climate issues supports Chevron’s climate compensation policies and practices with investors’ interests,
strategy and reflects on the company’s reputation. In conjunction including those related to sustainability, climate change risks and
with the Board Nominating and Governance Committee, the energy transition opportunities. The MCC assesses and approves
PPSC reviews climate-related proxy proposals and makes the incorporation of greenhouse gas-related performance
recommendations to the Board on responses to such proposals. measures into the scorecard that affects the compensation of
management and most other employees.
1.1.4 Board Nominating and Governance Committee (BNGC)
PPSC oversight on
The BNGC identifies and recommends prospective Directors
climate lobbying with the goal of maintaining a Board composition appropriate to
overseeing the wide-ranging risks that affect the company. The
BNGC regularly reviews the appropriate skills and qualifications
Lobbying is an important way for Chevron to participate in
of Directors in the context of the current composition of the
the political process. Chevron engages in direct and indirect
lobbying. Direct lobbying is conducted by our employees and Board, the strategy of the company and the long-term interests
contract lobbyists. Related activities that support our employees of investors. The BNGC also regularly reviews the list of skills
and contractors are referred to as “indirect” lobbying activities and qualifications desired for Board composition under the
and include research and analysis related to issues and pending
Corporate Governance Guidelines and, in 2021, added “experience
legislation. Indirect activities are performed by our employees as
leading business transformation” in light of the energy transition.
well as the trade associations of which we are a member.
Among the other collective skills and qualifications desired for an
Both lobbying and corporate political contributions are managed
appropriate Board composition are experience and knowledge
internally with oversight by Chevron’s corporate compliance and
of environmental (including climate issues), governmental,
internal audit teams and the Board of Directors.
regulatory, legal, public policy, financial, global business,
The PPSC assists the Board in overseeing political activities
international affairs and technology issues.
and providing effective responses to stockholder concerns
regarding such activities. The PPSC annually reviews the
policies, procedures and expenditures related to the company’s Chevron’s Directors have a diverse set of skills, experience and
political contributions and lobbying to assess the value of these expertise to enable the Board to effectively oversee potential
activities and ensure alignment with Chevron’s positions, inter-
climate change-related risks and energy transition opportunities
ests and trade-offs. The PPSC provides guidance on Chevron’s
for the company. Several independent Directors bring specific
political activities to the vice president of Corporate Affairs.
environmental and policy skills and qualifications to the Board.
For more information on our lobbying practices, see our
lobbying and trade association webpage
Our Directors’ experience comes from academic, government and
chevron.co/lobbyingandtrade.
business sectors. These diverse perspectives enable the Board to
challenge itself and company management on climate change-
related risks and energy transition opportunities.
The Board periodically reassesses Chevron’s governance
structure and the skills, experience and expertise of the Board.
Such assessment helps Chevron maintain an effective framework
for managing the company’s performance and the risks to
our business.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
9

=== PAGE BREAK ===

board of directors
highly engaged, diverse board with relevant skills and qualifications
Michael K. Wirth, Chairman and CEO Wanda M. Austin, Lead Director John B. Frank
Vice Chairman,
Former Vice Chairman of the Board Retired President and CEO,
Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (1)
and Executive Vice President of The Aerospace Corporation (2, 3)
Midstream & Development, Chevron
Alice P. Gast Enrique Hernandez, Jr. Marillyn A. Hewson
Retired President and Professor Executive Chairman, Retired Chairman, CEO and President,
Emeritus of Chemical Engineering, Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. (3, 4) Lockheed Martin Corporation (1)
Imperial College London (2, 4)
Jon M. Huntsman Jr. Charles W. Moorman Dambisa F. Moyo
Former Governor of Utah; Senior Advisor to Amtrak, Co-Principal,
U.S. Ambassador to Russia, China Retired Chairman and CEO, Versaca Investments (1)
and Singapore (3, 4) Norfolk Southern Corporation (2, 3)
Debra Reed-Klages D. James Umpleby III Cynthia J. Warner
Retired Chairman, CEO and President, Chairman and CEO, Former President and CEO,
Sempra Energy (1) Caterpillar Inc. (2, 4) Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (4)
Skills, Experiences and Expertise: CEO/Senior Executive/Leader of Significant Operations Science/Technology/Engineering/Research/Academia
Government/Regulatory/Legal/Public Policy Finance/Financial Disclosure/Financial Accounting Global Business/International Affairs
Environmental Leading Business Transformation
Committees of the Board: (1) Audit: Debra Reed-Klages, Chair (2) Board Nominating and Governance: Wanda M. Austin, Chair
(3) Management Compensation: Charles W. Moorman, Chair (4) Public Policy and Sustainability: Enrique Hernandez, Jr., Chair
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
10

=== PAGE BREAK ===

1.2 executive management of climate risks 1.2.2 Global Issues Committee (GIC)
The GIC, chaired by the Vice Chairman of the Board, oversees the
Under the direction of the Board, Chevron’s Executive Committee development of Chevron’s policies and positions related to global
(EC) is composed of executive officers of Chevron and carries out issues that may have a significant impact on Chevron’s business
Board policy in managing the business affairs of the company. interests and reputation.
The Enterprise Leadership Team and Global Issues Committee,
described below, are subcommittees of the Executive Committee.
the vice president of chevron strategy
1.2.1 Enterprise Leadership Team (ELT) and sustainability also serves as secretary
The ELT is responsible for managing the composition, resource
to the PPSC, helping to connect the
allocation and strategic direction of Chevron’s portfolio to
GIC’s work to the PPSC
achieve Chevron’s objectives. The ELT focuses on performance
improvement by understanding current performance and business
drivers and assessing the progress and status of key corporate
The GIC receives updates from subject matter experts on an
initiatives, like the development of our New Energies business
array of climate change-related issues, such as carbon policy
lines (see pages 46–49) to evolve our portfolio in light of energy
development around the world; company positions on carbon
transition opportunities. The ELT also oversees the ERM process
policy; political developments; lobbying and trade association
(see page 13), which includes and addresses climate change-
activity; and environmental, social and governance (ESG) reporting
related risks. The ELT receives briefings from Chevron’s subject
practices. The GIC reviews the public climate change-related
matter experts on topics such as climate change; geopolitical
actions of other companies to understand how our peers are
risk; market conditions; energy transition strategies; peer
responding to climate change-related risks and energy transition
activities; performance on and updates to metrics; technology
opportunities. It also oversees our stockholder engagement plan
and innovation; policy; and future energy opportunities. The ELT
and reviews feedback from our stockholder engagements. The GIC
reviews market fundamentals for oil, gas, products, carbon and
is focused on ensuring that our strategy and position are clearly
new energy solutions (see page 24).
communicated and that stakeholder feedback and concerns are
carefully considered.
1.3 organizational capability on energy transition
Our people strategy is focused on engaging the full potential of our people utilization and storage (CCUS); hydrogen; and emerging power
to deliver the future of energy. We will achieve this by building great technologies, among others. The Chevron Technical Center develops
leaders, advancing our culture, and strengthening core and emerging skills. and deploys technology enterprisewide, including integrating lower
carbon technology into our operations.
We strive to continually improve execution across all aspects of our
business as the energy system evolves. Our Oil, Products & Gas (OPG) Chevron New Energies is focused on developing new lower carbon
organization combines upstream, midstream and downstream – the full businesses that have the potential to scale. Its focus includes commercial-
value chain – which allows for a more integrated approach to capital alloca- ization opportunities in renewable fuels, CCUS and offsets, hydrogen, and
tion, asset class excellence and value chain optimization. For example, emerging technologies.
the OPG Lower Carbon organization provides coordination to accelerate
Chevron Strategy and Sustainability (CSS) stewards the company’s
execution of high-impact opportunities and development of future lower
long-term strategy by integrating climate change, energy transition and
carbon pathways.
other sustainability themes into macroeconomic forecasting, supply-and-
Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) identifies, invests in and integrates demand forecasting, price forecasting, portfolio modeling and competitor
externally developed technologies and business solutions. CTV targets intelligence. In 2022, CSS formed a methane reduction team to guide and
innovation and transformational technology in areas like carbon capture, implement our enterprise methane strategy.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
11

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 2
risk management
2.1 physical risks ........................................................................................................................................................................................................... 13
2.2 transition risks ....................................................................................................................................................................................................... 14
Photo: Workers inspecting pipe at CO₂ injection well. Chevron Australia’s Gorgon
liquefied natural gas facility incorporates one of the world’s largest integrated carbon
capture and storage projects.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
12

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 2: risk management
2.1 physical risks
enterprise risk management According to the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report, the physical risks of climate
change are varied and widespread. As disclosed on page 21 of
Chevron employs risk management processes for identifying,
assessing and managing the risks to our business, including the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, the company’s
potential climate change-related risks. operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes
beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes,
Our ERM process provides corporate oversight for assessing
major risks to the company and the safeguards and mitigations severe storms, floods, heat waves, other forms of severe weather,
that are put in place. As part of the annual ERM process, the wildfires, ambient temperature increases, sea level rise, fires and
ELT reviews risk categories that pertain to external stakeholders, earthquakes, some of which may be impacted by climate change
geopolitical and legislative issues, organizational capability,
and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm
and skilled personnel, among others, and their potential conse-
to people or the natural environment.
quences, financial and otherwise. An executive from the ELT
owns each risk category, directs a team to identify, safeguard
and mitigate enterprise risks, and reports the findings to the ELT. Our operations have practices in place to help manage
Following endorsement by the ELT, the annual ERM assessment risks associated with the impacts of ambient conditions and
is reviewed by the Board of Directors. Potential climate change-
extreme weather events, regardless of any connection to
related risks are integrated into multiple ERM categories.
anthropogenic climate change. These long-standing practices
Our management of risk is further aided by other systems and
are also applied to address possible effects of climate change
processes such as our Operational Excellence Management
and to maintain the resilience of our infrastructure. For example,
System (OEMS).
Chevron’s Metocean Design and Operating Conditions guideline
For more information on OEMS and focus area examples, see our
provides guidance for the physical parameters to be used in
2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.
the design, construction and operation of offshore and coastal
facilities, including those on land that may be threatened by
coastal inundation due to storm surges. Chevron and a third party
developed screening tools to identify potential physical risks
Climate disclosure frameworks generally identify two main areas of
at our assets globally as part of the Physical Risk from Climate
corporate climate risk: physical risks and transition risks.* Physical
Change procedure, formerly Climate Assess. The procedure is
risks include potential physical impacts driven by both acute
captured within the corporate OEMS, as part of the Environment
events and long-term shifts in climate patterns. Transition risks
Risk Management Process, and is for use in identifying, assessing,
include the potential risks to a company arising from the transition
managing and mitigating the potential physical impacts of climate
to a lower carbon energy system, such as litigation, technology
change to Chevron activities, including existing operations,
advancements and changes in policy, supply and demand, and
operational changes, projects and new opportunities.
stakeholder perceptions.
With worldwide operations subject to diverse microclimates and
weather phenomena, we stay prepared for the possibility of natural
disasters. Based on risk evaluations and business impact analysis,
business units develop and implement a business continuity plan
to provide continuous availability – or prompt recovery – of critical
business processes, resources and facility operations. Our business
units work with local communities and emergency response teams
to develop site-specific plans in the event of any disruption. The
plans and processes are regularly reviewed and tested to promote
business continuity.
* Two such frameworks are CalPERS/Wellington Management, Physical Risks of Climate Change
(P-ROCC), which can be accessed at wellington.com/en/wellington-news/physical-risks-of-
climate-change-p-rocc, and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD),
Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, which can be accessed
at assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/60/2020/10/FINAL-2017-TCFD-Report-11052018.pdf.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
13

=== PAGE BREAK ===

2.2 transition risks 2.2.3 Market risks
The potential impacts of climate change on markets are complex
Our ERM process encompasses risks typically identified as climate- and uncertain. As disclosed on page 20 of the company’s 2022
related transition risks, including policy, technology, market, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Chevron is primarily in a commodities
legal and reputational risks. Risks that could materially impact business that has a history of price volatility. Potential consumer
our operations and financial condition are discussed in the “Risk use of substitutes to Chevron’s products that may be developed in
Factors” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. the future may impact our business.
2.2.1 Policy risks We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and
Policies addressing climate-related issues are evolving (see preserving prudent liquidity levels. Our policies and controls
pages 54–64). The direct effects, as well as second- and third- provide centralized governance over key enterprise processes,
order effects, of potential policy changes will depend on the type including banking, liquidity management, foreign exchange,
and timing of such changes. As disclosed on pages 22–24 of the credit risk, financing, and climate change-related risks and energy
company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, significant changes transition opportunities (see page 24).
in the regulatory environment, including those driven by climate-
related issues, could affect our operations.
For example, legislation, regulation and other government actions we continue to place a high
related to global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate priority on the safety and health
change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and
of our workforce and on the
reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products.
protection of communities,
Climate-related issues are integrated into the company’s strategy the environment and our assets
and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management
tools and processes, where applicable (see page 24). They are
Guided by The Chevron Way, we have embedded and long-
also factored into the company’s long-range supply, demand and standing processes that are designed to grow our workforce
energy price forecasts (see page 36). capabilities and engage with stakeholders to manage potential
impacts in the communities where we operate. We aim to:
2.2.2 Technology risks • Employ risk management processes to evaluate facility-,
Development and deployment of innovations and emerging activity- and product-related risks across the lifecycle of the
technologies in pursuit of a lower carbon economy may disrupt or business, from planning and construction through operation
and decommissioning.
displace portions of the current economic system. As disclosed
on page 20 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, • Empower our people through programs that promote their
health, well-being and development, including training and
technology advancements could affect the price of crude oil.
development for employees to help them achieve their full
potential and to meet the needs of the evolving business.
The Chevron Technology Center (CTC) supports Chevron’s
• Cultivate innovative collaboration in the communities
businesses through research, technology and capability
where we operate to support robust social investment
development. The CTC also helps bridge the gap between programs, including investing in STEM education and
business unit needs and emerging technology solutions programs that support small and diverse businesses and
developed externally to the company (see pages 26–28, 49). supporting workforce development programs.
Chevron established the Chevron Future Energy Fund in 2018 • Involve communities and other stakeholders in meaningful
with a commitment of $100 million and a follow-up Future discussions and planning where there may be asset retirement
Energy Fund II in 2021 with a commitment of $300 million to or divestiture.
invest in breakthrough technologies that could help advance For more information on activities regarding employees and
the energy transition. communities, see our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
14

=== PAGE BREAK ===

2.2.4 Legal risks used by some investors to inform their investment and voting
In recent years, a variety of plaintiffs have brought legal claims decisions. Also, some stakeholders, including but not limited to
against various defendants alleging climate-related losses and sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, have been
damages. As disclosed on page 24 of the company’s 2022 Annual promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders
Report on Form 10-K, increasing attention to climate change may to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil
result in additional government investigations and private litigation fuel reserves. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community
against Chevron. divestment initiatives may lead to increased negative investor
sentiment toward Chevron and our industry and to the diversion of
We have highly capable legal staff and associated safeguards investment to other industries.
through all levels of the enterprise to identify, evaluate and
actively address legal risks. Our legal experts review and report on Our GIC actively stewards our reputation by working toward
emerging issues and trends that could impact the company. They alignment of key corporate policies, practices and public positions
aim to provide systematic reviews of climate-related matters and related to climate change. Refer to Section 1, “Governance
timely analysis and advice for the management of identified risks. Framework” (see pages 7–11).
2.2.5 Reputational risks The Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process
As disclosed on pages 24–25 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report in our OEMS facilitates engagement with local communities
on Form 10-K, increasing attention to ESG matters, including those and stakeholders to identify and assess the unique risks for
related to climate change, may impact our business. Organizations each business unit’s operations. Potential social, political and
that provide information to investors on corporate governance and reputational risks are identified, leading to risk management
related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating strategies. We regularly engage with investors and other
companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are stakeholders to receive feedback on climate-related issues.
climate-related litigation
Chevron, along with other investor-owned energy companies and geopolitical imperatives. Granting the putative relief requested in
comprising a small subset of the industry, has been named as a these lawsuits would neither reduce global demand for oil and gas nor
defendant in 25 lawsuits brought by four U.S. states, the District of effectively address climate change. Targeting investor-owned energy
Columbia, various county and city governments, and a fishing trade companies while ignoring the much larger production of state-owned
group. The lawsuits seek to hold the targeted companies financially companies and GHG emissions from other sectors of the economy
responsible for the alleged effects of climate change, seeking billions is arbitrary and opportunistic and would punish companies that are
of dollars in alleged damages, remediation costs and contingency-fee often the most transparent, innovative and responsible producers of
payments to private lawyers representing most of the plaintiffs. The the energy that is essential to modern life.
lawsuits’ proponents seek to radically transform modern society.
Claims that Chevron has improperly concealed superior knowledge
In the only case that to date has been finally resolved on the merits, of climate change from the public are false. The potential climate
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the dismissal effects of GHG emissions – including those produced by certain
of all claims: “To permit this suit to proceed under state law would … end users of fossil fuels – have been the subject of extensive study
risk upsetting the careful balance that has been struck between the funded and published by the United States government, among
prevention of global warming … and energy production, economic other national and international bodies, for more than half a century.
growth, foreign policy and national security.” See City of New York This massive body of research has been the subject of widespread
v. Chevron Corp., 993 F.3d 81 (2d Cir. 2021). The court characterized public discussion by prominent scientists, activists and government
climate change as a “uniquely international problem of national officials. Within this broad public debate, policymakers at every level
concern” that is not apt for adjudication under state law. of government – including government entities that are plaintiffs in
these lawsuits – have made policy decisions to continue the produc-
In Chevron’s view, the suggestion that a few, investor-owned energy
tion and use of oil and gas after weighing the costs, benefits and
companies should be held retroactively liable for the cumulative
competing priorities.
effects of the phenomena contributing to climate change is legally
and factually baseless. These companies’ collective production meets Chevron believes that climate change is a global issue that requires
only a small fraction of global oil and gas demand and contributes global solutions. We welcome meaningful efforts to address climate
an even smaller portion of overall GHG emissions. The production change and look forward to continuing to engage with governments
of oil and gas has brought immense economic and security benefits and stakeholders to develop constructive solutions to help deliver
to billions of people around the world, including the citizens of the a lower carbon future. Attempting to use the court system to usurp
state and local governments filing these lawsuits, which is why it has the proper role of policymakers, stifle disfavored speech on issues of
long been permitted, promoted and even mandated by governments public importance, and retroactively punish investor-owned energy
around the world. Seeking to impose retroactive liability against a companies for lawful and beneficial activity is not an appropriate or
small group of energy companies disregards the history of how our effective means of accomplishing that objective.
complex energy system has developed, as well as national security
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
15

=== PAGE BREAK ===

2.2.6 scenario test
stress-testing our portfolio under the IEA NZE scenario
We consider a range of long-term energy-demand scenarios* and commodity prices when evaluating
our portfolio. For longer-term scenarios, we routinely use external views to both inform and challenge
our internal views. This includes scenarios that assume a wide range of energy transition outcomes,
which may include scenarios for which the possibility of occurrence is remote. We analyze these
alternative scenarios representing diverse potential futures to stress-test our portfolio and integrate
lessons learned into our decision making to assess investments and evaluate business risk.
IEA NZE Scenario in context Exhibit 2. IEA NZE Scenario in context: oil and gas demand in
various 2° C or lower external scenarios
The International Energy Agency (IEA) Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (mmboe/d)
(NZE) Scenario is one potential path to a 1.5° C scenario. Described
by the IEA as “a pathway to reach net zero emissions by 2050,
175
not the [emphasis added] pathway,” the scenario was originally
published in 2021, with an update issued in October 2022.
150
We used the assumptions in the NZE Scenario (2022) to test
125
the resiliency of our portfolio. The statements that follow in this
section represent projections and assumptions associated with
100
that scenario test. They are not representative of Chevron’s own
predictions or actual conditions at the present time. 75
The hypothetical NZE Scenario sets out a pathway to achieve net 50
zero emissions from the global energy system in 2050. It assumes
a transition based on three fundamental shifts in the global 25
energy system: massive electrification, unprecedented levels of
energy intensity improvement† and widespread global policy 0
2022 2026 2030 2034 2038 2042 2046 2050
cooperation. In the scenario, the global economy moves away from
one largely powered by fossil fuels to one powered predominantly IPCC scenarios IEA NZE Scenario (2022)
by renewable energy and decreases in oil and gas demand put
Sources: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022; IPCC, AR6
downward pressure on prices. Scenario Explorer and Database Hosted by IIASA, data.ene.iiasa.ac.at/ar6/#/downloads.
The NZE Scenario has lower oil and gas demand than other barrel by 2050 in real terms. This compares with projections for
externally developed Paris-aligned scenarios such as the average oil prices greater than $85 per barrel in 2030 and approximately
C1 pathway, described as warming limited to 1.5° C with no or $110 per barrel in 2050, in real terms, in the NGFS Net Zero by
limited overshoot, through C4 pathway, described as warming 2050 Scenario.
limited to 2° C (Exhibit 2), of the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change (IPCC). The 2022 update to the NZE Scenario reflects higher near-term
emissions following the world’s rebound from the COVID-19
The NZE Scenario also reflects lower oil and gas prices than other pandemic, initial increased use of coal and a faster transition from
1.5° C scenarios such as the Network for Greening the Financial gas to renewables in Europe following the Russia-Ukraine military
System Net Zero by 2050 Scenario (NGFS Net Zero by 2050 conflict, and revisions to behavior-based assumptions. Compared
Scenario).² The IEA’s NZE Scenario projects the price of oil drops with NZE Scenario forecasted assumptions in 2021, the 2022
to approximately $35 per barrel by 2030 and to less than $25 per
* A scenario is a hypothetical construct that uses assumptions and estimates to highlight central elements of a possible future but is not a forecast, prediction or sensitivity analysis.
† The IEA defines energy intensity improvement as the percentage decrease in the ratio of global total energy supply per unit of gross domestic product.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
16

=== PAGE BREAK ===

updates result in very little change in overall energy demand or IEA NZE Scenario assumptions
price. Natural gas demand is the notable exception. Based on the
IEA’s projection of how present-day energy security concerns over The NZE Scenario results in approximately 15% lower global
international gas supply could cause a shift away from gas demand primary energy demand in 2050 than in 2021 (Exhibit 3) while
in the coming decade, gas demand is down markedly in favor of supporting 2 billion more people and a doubling of the global
coal and biomass, followed by nuclear and renewable power. The economy. A selection of the scenario’s assumptions are as follows:
IEA also specifically calls out the need for policymakers to “do
much more to provide signals on the demand side” to develop • Global energy investment doubles, increasing from an average
clean energy supply chains and emphasizes that the NZE Scenario of 2% of annual GDP from 2017 to 2021 to nearly 4% by 2030.
pathway “cannot be achieved without the rapid and large-scale
adoption of measures that limit growth in energy demand.” • Universal energy access is achieved globally by 2030.
The scenario’s assumptions are limited to the energy sector and do • Electricity use increases from approximately 20% of final
not address natural climate solutions, such as offsets, or impacts to energy consumption today to over 50% by 2050.
land-use change that occur in non-energy sectors. The framework
also assumes less use of negative emissions technologies, like • Renewables and bioenergy account for over 80% of the
CCUS, than IPCC scenarios. global energy mix by 2050.
The IEA describes the pathway as “narrow but still achievable,” in • The oil and gas sector’s share of total primary energy demand
that it “entails very ambitious policies and measures to improve declines from over 50% today to approximately 15% by 2050.
energy efficiency and reduce energy demand, including through
behavioral change,” and acknowledges that “[t]here are … many • The power generation sector reaches net zero emissions
areas where progress is well short of what is envisaged in the across all advanced economies by 2035 and net zero emissions
NZE Scenario.” We agree – the scenario and its assumptions are globally by 2040.
challenging. The NZE Scenario requires globally coordinated
policy design, strong international cooperation, vast capital
redeployment, nearly quadrupling of renewables and nuclear
Exhibit 3. Total primary energy demand in IEA NZE Scenario
capacity additions, accelerated technology deployment, and an
(Exajoules)
improvement in energy intensity that is two-and-a-half times
higher than the observed trend of the past decade. We see
10 billion
the NZE Scenario as remote and highly unlikely due to the 800
immediate and unprecedented action required to transform
the global energy system. 8 billion
600
“there is still a large gap between today’s
ambitions and a 1.5° C stabilization”3
400
Modeling of long-term scenarios is inherently speculative, given the
wide range of unpredictable variables and externalities that could
200
affect outcomes through 2050. We do not rely on the NZE Scenario
for our business planning. Nonetheless, we have conducted a
scenario test of the NZE Scenario demand projections, as well as
0
its oil and gas projections, to stress-test our portfolio. 2021 2030 2040 2050
Population Oil Nuclear Bioenergy
The IEA does not directly provide all the necessary market details
Coal Natural gas Hydropower Other renewables
required to run an NZE Scenario analysis (e.g., regional pricing or
product consumption). Where necessary, we developed additional Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
assumptions consistent with the NZE Scenario narrative to
estimate the performance of our portfolio.
Our Corporate Audit department, which performs the internal
audit function at Chevron, conducted a nonrated assurance review
of the NZE Scenario analysis. The Corporate Audit department
found that the analysis was conducted in accordance with
established internal process and emerging external guidance.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
17

=== PAGE BREAK ===

• Battery storage increases 30-fold between 2021 and 2030, with and $125 billion per year thereafter, in real terms, following
storage surpassing natural gas as the principal source of system rapid deployment in clean energy technology. The IEA states
flexibility by 2035. that “reducing oil investment to this level would lead to a very
different outcome if done in advance of – or instead of – the huge
• No new cars with internal combustion engines are sold after scaling up in clean energy spending and consequent reduction in
2035, and nearly all trucks sold in 2040 and beyond use oil demand that features in this scenario.”
electricity or hydrogen.
• By 2050, crude oil prices drop to less than $25 per barrel, in real Exhibit 4: IEA NZE Scenario (2022) assumed carbon price
terms, and international gas prices drop to $2–$5 per mmbtu,
in real terms. 2030 2050
• By 2050, carbon prices rise to $250 per tonne CO₂e in advanced
economies, $200 in China, India, Indonesia, Brazil and South advanced economies with net zero pledges*
Africa, and $180 in other emerging-market and developing
economies (Exhibit 4). $140/tonne $250/tonne
• By 2050, CCUS accounts for 6.2 gigatonnes (Gt) of CO₂ removals. emerging-market and developing
economies with net zero pledges†
• Energy efficiency and changes in consumer behavior drive much
$90/tonne $200/tonne
of the emissions reduction (Exhibit 5):
– Approximately 50% of emissions reductions for industry other emerging-market and developing economies
and buildings result from energy efficiency measures
$25/tonne $180/tonne
– Fuel switching (approximately 65%) and behavior changes
(approximately 20%) drive demand reductions in the
transportation sector
* Includes all Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
countries except Mexico.
– Approximately 75% of the projected emissions reductions
† Includes China, India, Indonesia, Brazil and South Africa. Note that as of the
related to behavior change stem from measures directly 2022 IEA NZE Scenario update, this no longer includes Russia.
mandated or influenced by government policies such Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
as congestion charges, speed limits and high-speed
rail build-out
– Behavior changes include less space heating and air
Exhibit 5. Global CO₂ emissions from energy reductions
conditioning, levies on frequent fliers, and policies that
in IEA APS and IEA NZE Scenario
encourage travel by rail and discourage car use in cities
(Gigatonnes)
and SUV ownership
40
oil
• Oil demand: In the NZE Scenario, oil demand drops to
30
approximately 23 mmbd by 2050, a decrease of approxi-
mately 75% from today’s levels. The majority of oil demand
in 2050 is from uses for which oil is not combusted, such as
APS
chemical feedstocks, lubricants, paraffin waxes and asphalt. 20
Oil consumption for transportation drops by approximately
90% from 2021. Sectors such as aviation and shipping decline
to a lesser extent and account for approximately 2 mmbd of
10
demand in 2050.
NZE
2050
• Oil supply: Lower demand implies that less supply is required.
0
However, because of the natural decline inherent in oil
2015 2020 2040 2050
production, even under the NZE Scenario, ongoing investment
in existing fields is still needed. Upstream oil investment Historic IEA APS Industry Buildings
averages approximately $300 billion per year through 2030 IEA STEPS Electricity Transport Other
APS = Announced Pledges Scenario
STEPS = Stated Policies Scenario
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
18

=== PAGE BREAK ===

• Oil price: The NZE Scenario projects that the price of oil drops CCUS, hydrogen and renewable fuels
to approximately $35 per barrel by 2030 and to less than $25
per barrel by 2050 in real terms. We have assumed this global oil • CCUS: The NZE Scenario assumes implementation of policies
price represents Brent. to support a range of measures that establish markets for
CCUS investment. By 2050, approximately 6.2 Gt of carbon are
captured. While efforts are pursued to increase the efficiency
“there is continued investment in existing of industrial processes such as cement manufacturing in the
fields ... to ensure that supply does not fall NZE Scenario, CCUS plays an important role in limiting these
faster than the decline in demand”4 emissions from harder-to-abate energy-consuming sectors. In
addition, many developing nations have recently built or are
building large numbers of coal power plants. Given the service
life of these facilities, retrofitting them with CCUS will be central
natural gas
to reducing emissions in these economies.
• Natural gas demand: The NZE Scenario approximates that gas
• Hydrogen: Lower carbon intensity hydrogen production
demand peaks in the near term and drops 30% through 2030 to
increases from very low current levels to approximately
3,300 bcm and 1,200 bcm in 2050, 70% lower than in 2021. By
450 million tonnes in 2050 in the NZE Scenario projections.
2050, approximately 40% of global natural gas demand goes to
Approximately 60% is used in end-use sectors, such as for steel
CCUS-paired hydrogen production.
and chemical production, with the remainder converted to
power or other fuels. By 2050, over 70% of hydrogen production
• Natural gas supply: As with oil, continued natural gas
is from electrolysis, with the remainder largely from natural gas
investment is needed to maintain supply at existing fields in the
in combination with CCUS.
NZE Scenario. Natural gas investment averages approximately
$200 billion per year through 2030 and $85 billion per year
• Renewable fuels: Renewable fuels supplies accelerate in the
thereafter. Under the NZE Scenario, traded volumes of liquefied
NZE Scenario, with liquid biofuels expanding by a factor of
natural gas (LNG) fall by two-thirds and traded volumes of
approximately three and biogases by a factor of approximately
pipeline gas fall by 85% between 2021 and 2050.
12 by 2050. Liquid demand is driven by conventional ethanol and
biodiesel for passenger cars and trucks through 2030, shifting
• Natural gas price: The NZE Scenario includes projections
to advanced biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel for shipping
for country- and region-level gas prices in the United States,
and aviation through 2050. Advanced liquid biofuels increase
European Union, China and Japan. The United States benchmark
their share of the global aviation fuel market to 40% in 2050.
decreases to $1.9 per mmbtu in 2030 and $1.8 per mmbtu in
In addition, biogas and biomethane are used for clean cooking
2050. The European Union benchmark decreases to $4.6 per
fuels and transport via compressed natural gas (CNG) in the
mmbtu in 2030 and $3.8 per mmbtu in 2050. The China and
NZE Scenario.
Japan benchmarks decrease to approximately $6 per mmbtu
in 2030 and $5.1 per mmbtu in 2050. The lack of granular
market descriptors and/or regional information in the dataset
necessitates additional judgments; we have made additional
assumptions to convert these prices to regional benchmarks.
refined products
In the NZE Scenario, rapid electrification of the vehicle fleet
leads to a sharp decline in demand for refined products, such as
gasoline and diesel, which implies decreased refinery throughput.
At the same time, demand for noncombusted refined products,
such as petrochemicals, remains more resilient. Refineries able to
shift production to chemicals and biofuels may gain competitive
advantage, as both of these products see increased demand
through 2030. Nevertheless, the scale of changes in the
NZE Scenario would inevitably lead to rationalization. Refineries
able to shift to other areas, such as chemical recycling, renewable
fuels or hydrogen production, may be able to reconfigure to avoid
full closure.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
19

=== PAGE BREAK ===

portfolio analysis States, give us the flexibility to respond to commodity
price volatility. Our assets in Kazakhstan, the U.S. Gulf of
We tested our portfolio against projected global demand and Mexico, Nigeria, Angola and the Eastern Mediterranean
prices under the NZE Scenario. The NZE Scenario is hypothetical would continue to generate positive free cash flow in the
and relies on assumptions that would entail unprecedented short term at lower commodity prices, given limited point-
policy and other actions by a large number of stakeholders and forward investment requirements. These assets provide
governments worldwide to achieve net zero global emissions by opportunities for investment in infill drilling and backfill
2050. While the NZE Scenario paints a fundamentally different projects that are typically higher return and lower risk, given
and generally unlikely picture of the energy future, based on that they leverage existing assets and infrastructure. Our
the assumptions underlying the scenario, we believe Chevron LNG assets in Australia would generate positive free cash
could transition to help meet the world’s evolving energy needs flow in an environment that lacks substantial price growth
projected in the NZE Scenario by taking a number of actions, with our existing asset base and select backfill investments.
including: further focusing our upstream portfolio on assets that We believe that our advantaged asset base would continue
are the most competitive from a returns, cost of supply and carbon to attract capital and generate competitive returns even in a
intensity perspective in the short term and midterm; aligning our hypothetical low-price environment like the NZE Scenario.
downstream and chemicals business around scaled, efficient,
– In a declining-demand and low-price environment like the
flexible, integrated and high-margin value chains and renewable
NZE Scenario, operating costs would likely decline across
fuels; and concentrating our New Energies investments in high-
the portfolio, driven by efficiency initiatives and portfolio
demand growth areas where we have competitive advantage,
rationalization, and a general reduction in industry cost
such as CCUS and hydrogen. Our business model can evolve to
structure would occur due to reduced demand for goods
deliver the growth of our New Energies business if policies, such
and services.
as significant economywide carbon prices envisioned in the
NZE Scenario, enable lower carbon solutions to scale. Under this • Short-term and midterm impacts (0–10 years), downstream:
hypothetical scenario, we would expect to experience reductions Although the NZE Scenario shows a sharp decline in demand for
in projected free cash flow* as we evolve from a company focused conventional transport fuels, we believe that the downstream
primarily on hydrocarbon extraction and refining to one primarily portion of our portfolio would remain resilient through 2030 due
focused on low-carbon fuels, low-carbon gases and CCUS. In to continued demand for certain products, including chemicals
the long term, New Energies would likely generate the majority and lubricants, combined with the actions we have taken to
of Chevron’s free cash flow. As such, New Energies would shift enhance refinery competitiveness. In addition, our investments
from being a small segment in the portfolio to becoming the most in the renewable fuels value chain, like our acquisition of
significant contributor to free cash flow. Renewable Energy Group, Inc. in 2022 and our joint venture
with Bunge North America, Inc., would provide opportunities
• Short-term and midterm impacts (0–10 years), upstream: In for more rapid growth as demand for these commodities would
the NZE Scenario, Chevron’s upstream investments would likely increase in the NZE Scenario. Petrochemical demand also
decrease, adapting to changing industry economics. Our existing increases slightly through 2030 in the NZE Scenario, which could
portfolio is diverse and flexible, which would allow us to mitigate help grow free cash flow from the chemical business.
risk and enable the prioritization of capital to existing assets and
resource bases with the highest returns, lowest cost of supply • Short-term and midterm impacts (0–10 years), New Energies:
and lowest carbon intensity within our portfolio. In addition, our Our focus on scaling lower carbon intensity hydrogen and CCUS
GHG reduction investments would enable us to further reduce solutions aligns with the significant demand growth that occurs
the carbon intensity of our assets and supply the market with in this decade in the NZE Scenario. As is typical of a business in
lower carbon intensity crude oil and natural gas, which is still its growth stage, we expect that New Energies’ free cash flow
needed in the NZE Scenario. Upstream capital and exploratory will be negative during the next decade as we invest in projects.
spending, production and free cash flow would decline over We believe it could become positive and continue to grow post-
the first decade in the NZE Scenario; however, free cash flow is 2030 if businesses scale and achieve positive rates of return and
projected to remain positive. policy remains supportive in the NZE Scenario.
– Today, much of our upstream investment is focused in
short-cycle, lower carbon intensity assets or development
of major existing fields. Our short-cycle assets, like those in
the Permian and the Denver-Julesburg basins in the United
* Free cash flow is a non-generally accepted accounting principles metric and is defined as net cash
provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. It generally represents the cash available
to creditors and investors after investing in the business.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
20

=== PAGE BREAK ===

• Long-term impacts (10-plus years), upstream: summary of scenario test
In this scenario, post-2030, upstream investment would be
limited to only our assets that provide the highest returns and Although our asset mix would need to evolve to adapt to various
have the lowest cost of supply and lowest carbon intensity, scenarios, we believe our signpost framework (see page 29) and
signposted by the pace of global demand decline in the portfolio management approach (see pages 23–24) would enable
NZE Scenario. Positive free cash flow would likely decrease Chevron to pivot and scale into areas of opportunity under the
substantially as production would decline. In the NZE Scenario, modeled assumptions.
between 2040 and 2050, positive free cash flows end. The NZE
Scenario will ultimately advantage producers at the lowest end We believe our processes for tracking leading indicators and
of the cost of supply stack. An increase in hydrogen demand adapting our business enable us to be flexible in response to
could create opportunities to supply gas for CCUS-paired potential changes in policy, supply, demand and physical risk.
hydrogen from our Permian Basin, Denver-Julesburg Basin and
legacy gas assets, such as Gorgon and Wheatstone in Australia
and those in the Eastern Mediterranean.
stranded assets
• Long-term impacts (10-plus years), downstream:
The continued decline in demand for gasoline and diesel would
result in reduced need for those products globally. Lighter High-profile publications have stated that the portfolios of many
oil and gas companies are not competitive in a “well below
crudes and lower runs would lead to less feed for conversion
2° C world,” implying that companies and their investors have
units in more complex refineries, which in the absence of
significant exposure to “stranded” assets because a company’s
flexibility, efficiency and reconfiguration could disadvantage value is tied to undeveloped assets. Chevron has several robust
high-conversion refineries (e.g., coking) relative to simpler processes and controls in place to assess our reserves and the
refineries. Our investments in renewable fuels could allow for economic productivity of our assets.
full refinery conversion to meet the continued demand for As part of the internal control process related to reserves
these fuels in the NZE Scenario. In addition, tightly integrated estimation, the company maintains a Reserves Advisory
Committee, an organization that is separate from the business
value chains, in areas such as the U.S. West Coast, the U.S. Gulf
units that estimate reserves, chaired by the Manager of Global
Coast and Asia, could enable us to pivot these operations to
Reserves. Annually, the company assesses whether any changes
lower carbon intensity hydrogen. Finally, the continued demand have occurred in facts or circumstances, such as changes to
for chemicals could enable continued select investments in development plans, regulations or government policies, that
petrochemical facilities. would warrant a revision to reserve estimates. A common
way to evaluate the depth of a company’s reserves is to divide
the quantity of proved reserves (R) by the annual production
• Long-term impacts (10-plus years), New Energies:
(P), creating a ratio (R/P) that indicates the number of years
New Energies would generate a significantly larger share of remaining before all proved reserves will be produced. At the
Chevron free cash flow in 2050 as the demand for lower carbon end of 2022, Chevron’s R/P ratio was 10.2 years.
intensity hydrogen and CCUS continues to increase in the NZE
Impairment reviews are triggered when events test market
Scenario. We expect that New Energies’ free cash flow will assumptions upon which our business plans and long-term
turn positive between 2030 and 2040, given the assumptions investment decisions are made and are based on management’s
previously mentioned. The rise in carbon prices and enabling best estimate of future expected cash flows.
policies assumed in the NZE Scenario create significant demand Reserve changes and the results of our impairment review
growth for lower carbon intensity hydrogen and CCUS. Our processes are detailed in the company’s 2022 Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
investments in these areas would continue to grow, potentially
enabling us to meaningfully pivot and scale into them.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
21

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 3
strategy
3.1 long-term fundamentals ..................................................................................................................................................................................... 24
3.2 future energy mix ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 29
3.3 demand and supply ............................................................................................................................................................................................. 31
3.4 prices: near term and long term ...................................................................................................................................................................... 36
Photo: A worker at a tankless facility in Greeley, Colorado.
Tankless production facilities reduce GHG emissions and surface footprint.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
22

=== PAGE BREAK ===

250
RReenneewwaabblele
200 HHyyddrroo
NNuuccleleaarr
150
NNaattuurraal lG Gaass
100
OOilil
50
CCooaall
MMooddeerrnn B Bioiommaassss
0
1900 1910 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
TTrraaddititioionnaal lB Bioiommaassss
dnamed
ecruos
ygrenE
800
700
600
500
400
300
200
100
0
Total
primary
energy
demand
section 3: strategy
our strategy is to leverage our The world’s energy demand in recent years is greater than at
strengths to safely deliver lower carbon any time in human history (Exhibit 6). Most published outlooks
conclude that fossil fuels will remain a significant part of an energy
energy to a growing world
system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources of
supply. Within this context, we align our strategy with areas in
which we have a competitive advantage and in which we see the
potential to generate increased value for our investors.
higher returns, lower carbon
Oil and gas reservoirs and resources decline naturally over time –
Our purpose is to develop the affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner investment is needed to maintain them in order to meet projected
energy that enables human progress. We operate in many demand, even in lower carbon scenarios. Given this, we will
jurisdictions that have enacted lower carbon policies. Policy-
continue to develop resources to help fulfill the world’s demand for
enabled markets are advancing around the world with emerging
energy. At the same time, we will maintain flexibility in our portfolio
support for mandatory reporting, renewables, electric vehicles,
hydrogen fuel and CCUS technologies, among others. Under and examine ways to adapt investment patterns in response to
current and potential future market conditions, we seek to changing policy, demand and energy transition opportunities.
understand the impacts of climate-related policies to help guide We discuss our approach to each energy transition opportunity in
our actions.
Section 4, “Portfolio” (see pages 38–49).
Exhibit 6. Global energy transformation since 1900
(Quadrillion BTU)
Total primary
energy demand
under IEA STEPS
2022–2050
Total primary
energy demand
1900–2022
Coal Oil Natural gas Nuclear Hydropower Other renewables Traditional biomass Modern biomass
Sources, as modified by Chevron Corporation: 1900–1970, Hannah Ritchie, Max Roser and Pablo Rosado (2022), “Energy,” OurWorldInData.org, ourworldindata.org/energy; Energy Institute Statistical Review of
World Energy (2023); Vaclav Smil (2017); 1971–2020, IEA (2022), World Energy Balances (database), iea.org/data-and-statistics/data-product/world-energy-balances-highlights; 2021–2050, IEA, World Energy
Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
23

=== PAGE BREAK ===

We believe that lower carbon intensity oil and gas assets • Business-development screening: Our screening processes to
will remain economically competitive under a wide range of assess opportunities include a range of considerations, such as
future scenarios. We also believe that our asset mix enables us portfolio fit and impact on portfolio carbon intensity.
to be flexible in response to potential changes in supply and
demand, even in hypothetical lower carbon scenarios like the NZE • Marginal abatement cost curve (MACC): Our MACC process
Scenario (see pages 16–21 of Section 2). Our growing new energy is a disciplined and value-driven approach to cost-effectively
businesses provide us with the opportunity to deploy capital and reduce the carbon intensity of our operations and assets by
generate returns in accelerated energy transition pathways. optimizing carbon reduction opportunities and integrating GHG
mitigation technologies across the enterprise (see page 39).
The scale of investment and time involved in finding, extracting and We source emissions reduction opportunities from operated
processing oil and gas requires long-term planning and decision and nonoperated assets. We apply both deterministic and
making to effectively manage the uncertainties inherent in these probabilistic analysis to assess opportunities, consistent
markets. Our strategic and business planning processes guide our with our DA practices. We use portfolio theory and efficient
actions as we aim to safely deliver higher returns and lower carbon. frontier analysis to identify a portfolio of opportunities
across the technology spectrum, segments, business units
Key strategic processes that support our ability to operate in a and geographies.
lower carbon future include:
3.1 long-term fundamentals
• Decision analysis (DA): Our DA process is structured for
developing, evaluating and comparing alternatives, including
Fundamentals that drive strategic focus and action
future options, in the face of risk and uncertainty. Our DA
Chevron’s strategic and business planning processes bring
function incorporates deterministic and probabilistic analyses
together our views on long-term energy market funda-
and economic and financial analysis tools, along with debiasing
mentals to help guide decisions on strategy, portfolio
techniques, to improve decision quality in many of the
management, business planning and capital allocation by
following processes.
executives and to facilitate oversight by the Board of Directors
(Exhibit 7). We use models and internal analysis to forecast
• Capital-project approvals: Investments are developed,
demand, energy mix, supply, commodity prices and carbon
approved and implemented in the context of the strategic plan,
prices, all of which include assumptions about future policy
segment-specific business plans and commodity price forecasts.
and technology developments. A cross-functional team tracks
Investment proposals are evaluated by management and, as
and forecasts long-term fundamentals to inform us of potential
appropriate, reported to the Executive Committee and the Board
changes in market dynamics that could indicate the need for
of Directors. Final decisions are guided by a strategic assessment
changes to strategy.
of the business landscape. GHG-related factors are considered in
project-appropriation assessments.
Exhibit 7. A disciplined approach to strategy development
economic macrotrends
population growth, increased living
standards and consumer behavior
long-term total supply price strategic
market policy demand level and for each
focus
fundamentals policy trends, framework and impacts for energy cost of supply energy solution
and mix
technology
technology breakthroughs and scale-up
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
24

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.1.1 Macroeconomic and demographic drivers Exhibit 8. Billions of people would benefit from affordable,
Affordable, reliable energy enables economic development by reliable and ever-cleaner energy
facilitating modern production techniques across all segments of
the economy, which ultimately leads to increased life spans and a Percentage of population using
higher quality of life.5 wood or other solid fuels for cooking
Individuals and society benefit from access to affordable, reliable
and ever-cleaner energy (Exhibit 8). As populations increase and
urbanize and as incomes grow and billions of people in less-
developed countries seek a higher standard of living, many experts 36%
forecast global energy demand to increase (Exhibit 9), even as
the energy intensity of the world’s economic output declines.6
Developing economies currently consume 59.1 gigajoules of
energy per person as compared with 160 gigajoules per person in
advanced economies. Energy use per person across developing
economies is approximately 37% of the levels across advanced
economies, up from 29% a decade ago.
Source: World Health Organization, Proportion of Population with Primary Reliance on Clean Fuels and
Technologies, who.int/data/gho/data/themes/air-pollution/household-air-pollution. Wood or other
As advanced economies shift to the service sector, they outsource solid fuels for cooking are defined by WHO as biomass, charcoal, coal and kerosene.
their manufacturing to developing economies. Rising income
levels, population growth and manufacturing expansion contribute
to increased energy consumption across developing economies,
Exhibit 9. A growing middle class drives demand
helping to close the gap with advanced economies. As incomes
for access to energy
improve, more economic growth comes from the service
(Exajoules)
sector, which is often more energy- and carbon-efficient than
manufacturing. Technological advancements and improvements in
Total primary energy demand,
energy efficiency will likely further reduce energy intensity.
IEA Stated Policies Scenario
Changes in consumer behavior can also influence energy demand.
600
Behaviors like remote working and videoconferencing can lead to
a decrease in energy demand. Others, like more home deliveries,
can lead to an increase in energy demand. The impact of behavior
changes may be modulated by other demand drivers, such as 400
government policies or the long life of existing infrastructure.
In 2022, the residential sector accounted for approximately 15%
of natural gas consumption in the United States, and natural gas
200
was the source of approximately 42% of residential sector end-
use energy consumption.7 Approximately 60% of homes in the
United States use natural gas for space and water heating, cooking,
and drying clothes.8 Demand for natural gas is primarily driven 0
2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
by existing homes and buildings, which typically have very long
service lives. The IEA estimates that half of the buildings expected Developing economies Advanced economies
to be in use by 2050 are already built.9
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY
4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
25

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.1.2 Policy trends Removals: The IPCC 1.5° C report points out that many pathways
Policies, like those that support the Paris Agreement, can change to achieving the <2° C goal will require “negative emissions”
the amount of energy consumed, the rate of energy-demand approaches. Negative emissions, or CO₂ removals, are often
growth, the mix of energy sources and the relative economics of classified as natural climate solutions and technology removals,
one fuel versus another. Tracking and anticipating policy trends like carbon capture. Both can be essential tools in mitigating
helps us identify potential changes in energy mix and supply- GHG emissions and meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement
and-demand scenarios and adjust our outlooks accordingly. We (Exhibit 10).14 In its Sixth Assessment Report, the IPCC continues to
discuss our policy framework and impact analysis in Section 5, recognize the importance of “deploying carbon dioxide removal
“Performance and Policy” (see pages 54–64). (CDR) methods to counterbalance residual GHG emissions.”15 CCUS
can play a dual role in climate change mitigation: It can be used for
The Paris Agreement specifies a goal of “holding the increase in the technology to remove carbon from the atmosphere with direct air
global average temperature to well below 2° C above pre-industrial capture (DAC) and reduce emissions from point sources in energy-
levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to intensive industries and power generation.16 According to the IEA
1.5° C above pre-industrial levels.”10 Under the agreement, each Announced Pledges Scenario (APS), CCUS may grow over 100-fold
country may pursue its own strategies for achieving its Nationally by 2050. To unlock the full potential of natural climate solutions
Determined Contributions (NDCs). According to the IEA, the and CCUS, advancement of supportive policy as well as legal and
current NDCs do not appear likely to achieve the goals of the carbon accounting frameworks are needed. For example, if CO₂
agreement,11 although new, updated or reconfirmed NDCs are is shipped internationally or natural climate solutions are used to
intended to be submitted. create an environmental attribute that is sold to a party in another
country, corporate and national GHG inventory accounting could
According to the IPCC, achieving the Paris Agreement’s goals be impacted.17
will require peaking emissions as soon as possible and global
net zero emissions by around 2070 (2065–2080). The IPCC finds
that achieving a 1.5° C scenario with high confidence and without
Exhibit 10. CCUS and natural climate solutions could make a
any temporary overshoot would require net zero by around
long-term contribution toward reducing GHG emissions
2050 (2045–2055). Other IPCC scenarios reach net zero later
this century, but they achieve 1.5° C outcomes through greater (Gigatonnes CO₂e per year)
adoption of CO₂ removal opportunities. Achieving a 1.5° C goal
will require countries to reduce emissions across all sectors of the 12
economy. It will also require increasing removals by sinks, such as
nature-based solutions (e.g., forestry), which absorb more carbon
than they release, and through technology solutions (e.g., CCUS).12
8
The IPCC notes numerous potential pathways to achieving the
goals of the Paris Agreement. All pathways include the continued
use of oil and gas, even in rapid decarbonization scenarios. To
achieve net zero emissions by 2050, direct air carbon dioxide
capture and storage and carbon capture and storage (CCS) must 4
be scaled up and globally deployed. Without this technology, the
IPCC climate models cannot achieve theoretical solutions to reach
net zero in the desired time frame.13
0
2021 2030 2050
3.1.3 Technology trends
Improvements in technology can reduce energy costs, lower CCUS Natural climate solutions
emissions and influence the energy mix by changing the relative
Sources: Griscom, Bronson et al., “Natural Climate Solutions,” Proceeding of the National Academy
competitiveness of different energy types. Four prominent areas of Sciences of the United States of America, October 2017, pnas.org/content/114/44/11645; University
College London, Future Demand, Supply and Prices for Voluntary Carbon Credits—Keeping the
of investment include CO₂ removals, hydrogen, renewable fuels
Balance, June 2021, trove-research.com/report/carbon-credit-demand-supply-and-prices; IEA,
and battery storage. Removals, hydrogen and renewable fuels in World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report),
CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
particular are important technologies to assist in carbon intensity
reduction of hard-to-abate sectors. A lifecycle approach to carbon
accounting can help assess the relative carbon efficiencies of
different technologies. We discuss assessing performance on
a lifecycle basis in Section 5, “Performance and Policy”
(see pages 51–52).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
26

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Hydrogen: Hydrogen is a versatile energy carrier, with potential as Renewable fuels: Renewable fuels can be produced from
a lower carbon fuel, particularly in sectors where carbon intensity bio-based feedstocks through conventional refining process
is harder to abate, including heavy-duty transportation, marine technologies and include biodiesel, renewable diesel, sustainable
transportation and heat-intensive manufacturing. Hydrogen aviation fuel (SAF) and advanced gasoline. The IEA notes that
may also play a role in the power generation sector as a fuel renewable fuels will be central to reducing emissions from long-
source and as a storage medium to balance intermittency of distance transportation, aviation and high-temperature heat
renewables. Lower carbon intensity hydrogen demand could industries. Renewable fuels are particularly important in lowering
significantly increase if infrastructure is built and hydrogen costs the carbon intensity of transportation, serving as low-carbon
come down (Exhibit 11).18 The emergence of hydrogen value solutions for existing technologies, such as light-duty vehicles
chains connecting producers with consumers is also critical to in the near term and heavy-duty trucks, ships and aircraft with
enabling scale. Government policies can help reduce costs and few alternative solutions in the long term. Many renewable
lower the risk of investment for early entrants. Transparent and fuels are compatible with existing infrastructure and can be used
standard quantification of carbon intensity of hydrogen and with existing technologies, making them an attractive lower-
hydrogen-derived fuels is needed to inform decision making and emissions substitute for conventional fuels. Use of renewable
accelerate effective reductions. More than 15 different standards fuels can result in lower emissions than conventional fuels on
exist or are under development to calculate hydrogen carbon a lifecycle basis, depending on feedstocks, production pathways,
intensity. Each varies on key approaches, such as temporal and and carbon accounting treatment of emissions associated
geographical location of renewable energy used for hydrogen with cropland cultivation and avoided emissions. Differences
production 19 and chain of custody requirements. The same activity in accounting treatment can result in the same biofuel appearing
or product having a different emissions performance assessment to have different carbon performance.
can lead to methodology arbitrage, market fragmentation
and suboptimal investment. Battery storage: Over the past decade, there has been notable
cost reduction and performance improvement in lithium-ion
(Li-ion) batteries and other storage technologies. However, in
recent years, cost declines have slowed, and in 2022, costs actually
Exhibit 11. Under the IEA APS, hydrogen demand could
increased due to higher raw material prices and supply chain
significantly increase by midcentury
constraints.20 Renewable energy production and technology
(bcm/y)
advancements such as smart-grid and demand-management,
coupled with battery storage, have the potential to increase
800 electrification and reduce carbon emissions. These advances
facilitate increased use of renewable energy in electricity
generation and help mitigate the problem of intermittency.
600
Assessing the carbon efficiency of technologies enabled by
batteries can be enhanced using a lifecycle approach to carbon
accounting. For example, batteries can account for up to 60% of
400 GHG emissions in electric vehicle (EV) production.21 Including
emissions associated with battery production in a lifecycle
assessment of carbon accounting can provide a more complete
200 assessment of relative GHG performance.
Even with improvements in energy storage, many leading energy
experts agree that additional technology breakthroughs are
0
2021 2030 2050 needed to enable wider scaling of renewables and decarbonization
in other hard-to-abate sectors. We believe CCUS and hydrogen are
Industry Buildings Power
among the most promising of these other technologies.
Transport Input for H2-based fuels Other
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY
4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
27

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Hydrogen
Hydrogen (350 bar)
Hydrogen (liquid)
Batteries
Lithium-ion battery pack (2018)
Lithium metal battery pack
Natural gas
Liquid fuels
Compressed natural Sustainable aviation fuel
gas (250 bar)
Gasoline
Biodiesel
Ethanol
Methanol
Liquid organic hydrogen carriers Space saving
gnivas
thgieW
140
120
Hydrogen (700 bar)
100 Potential with
storage tank
improvement
80
Lithium-ion battery pack (2025+)
60
Liquefied natural gas
Renewable diesel
Diesel
40 Jet fuel
Compressed natural
20 gas (250 bar, with tank)
Hydrogen (700 bar, with tank)
0
gk/seluojagem
,ytisned
cirtemivarG
Exhibit 12. Energy density of different fuel sources can drive the attractiveness of fuel types
0 10 20 30 40
Volumetric density, megajoules/liter
Sources: Argonne National Laboratory, GREET Model Fuel Specifications, 2022, greet.anl.gov; Advanced Automotive Battery Conference (AABC) for Li-ion Battery Performance,
2018, with Chevron internal compilations.
Energy density of different fuels: The energy density and Fundamental differences in energy densities are a major obstacle
portability of a fuel are among the most important characteristics to using alternative fuels for some modes of transport, such as
when considering viability for use in transportation (Exhibit 12). long-distance shipping and air travel. To date, few alternative fuels
Two important aspects are as follows: or energy storage systems can surpass the energy densities of
liquid fuels.
• Gravimetric density, the energy contained in a unit mass of fuel,
determines how far a vehicle can travel with a given amount of Gaseous fuels, like CNG and hydrogen, currently require large and
fuel. Higher gravimetric density means less weight is required to heavy tanks for onboard vehicle storage. Further research and
be carried as fuel, meaning more weight capacity is available for development are needed to reduce the weight and size of such
carrying people and freight. storage tanks. Li-ion battery systems have achieved considerable
progress in light-duty vehicle applications in the past decade,
• Volumetric density, the energy stored in a unit volume of fuel, but some trade-offs in range, which is dictated by energy density,
determines how much space the fuel takes up. Higher volumetric still exist.22
energy density means less vehicle space is required to store
the fuel, and thus more space is available for carrying people
and freight.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
28

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.2 future energy mix government policy and the deployment of low-carbon
technologies. Our signposts also track progress in emerging
We have a cross-functional team that forecasts the energy system energy technologies, including battery storage, modular nuclear
decades into the future. By tracking and analyzing energy demand and fusion, that could radically transform the energy system should
and energy mix drivers, we work to understand which sources of breakthroughs occur.
energy supply, including oil and gas, are likely to meet expected
demand. We believe the energy mix will continue to be primarily
Exhibit 13. Most scenarios, which vary in likelihood, show a
determined by the economics of each energy supply source, which range of energy sources will make up the future energy mix
are influenced by the intersection of cost of production as well as (Exajoules)
by macroeconomic and consumer, policy and technology trends.
The relative importance of these factors can vary by region and
250
over time.
200
Though oil and gas may one day fall below today’s share of the
energy supply, many energy experts agree that these commodities
150
will be required to satisfy global energy demand under almost any
future market scenario – even one in which policies increasingly
aim to limit fossil fuel use and reduce GHG emissions (Exhibit 13).23 100
Oil and gas currently account for a majority of global energy 50
supply, at approximately 330 exajoules per year, and have a
diverse set of end uses (Exhibit 15). In some uses, like aviation, 0
marine, freight and petrochemicals, there are few, if any, cost- Oil Gas Coal Wind and solar OLCE*
effective and scalable alternatives to oil. Reduction in oil demand is
2022 Demand 2040 Average scenario demand
limited by the slow turnover of transportation stock (Exhibit 16).24
2040 Scenario ranges
As the future is uncertain, we leverage signposts that help us
Sources: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License:
track market conditions and the evolution of the energy system CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A); BNEF Scenarios: Energy Transition Scenario 2022,
Net Zero Scenario 2022; Wood Mackenzie Scenarios (2022): Energy Transition Outlook, Accelerated
(Exhibit 14). Our signpost framework includes indicators for energy Energy Transition 2° C; S&P Global Commodity Insights Scenarios (2022): Inflections (IHSM),
Green Rules (IHSM), Discord (IHSM), Accelerated CCS (IHSM), Multitechnology Mitigation (IHSM),
investment, consumer behavior, raw material inputs, electrification, December Most Likely Case (Platts), 2° C Case (Platts).
* OLCE: Other low-carbon energy (nuclear, hydrogen and biomass)
Exhibit 14. Select signposts we monitor to track the energy transition
CCUS capacity and CO₂ captured Electrolyser capacity for lower Renewable fuel capacity production Electricity share of global total
(Million tonnes of CO₂e) carbon intensity hydrogen (Billion gallons/year) primary energy supply
6(G0igawatts) (Percent)
Forecast
1,400 800 60Current 30
Forecast Forecast Forecast Forecast
60 40
CFuorrreenctast Current 28Current Current
600
Current 40
26
40 700 4 2 0 0 0
24
20
200
20 0 22
2022 2026 2030
0 0 Current Forecast 0 20
2022 2026 2030 2022 2026 2030 2022 2026 2030 2022 2026 2030
0
20C2u2rrent capac2i0t2y6 2030 Current capacity Current Forecast Current Forecast
Forecast apacity Forecast capacity
Current Forecast Scenarios: STEPS 2030 NZE 2030 APS 2030
Forecast: Renewable fuels includes new projects that have been announced that are under construction or have reached final investment decision (FID); CCUS includes under-construction and planned CO₂
captuSreT fEaPciSlit i2es0 w3i0th an annoNunZcEed 2 c0a3p0acity of moAreP tSha 2n0 10300,000 tonnes per year (or 1,000 tonnes per year for DASCT)E aPndS a2n0 a3n0nounced timNeZlinEe ;2 lo0w3e0r carbon intAenPsSit Sy2 Th0yE3dP0roSg 2en0 p3r0oduction fNroZmE e l2e0ct3ro0lysers APS 2030
includes projected capacity on the basis of announced projects; electricity forecast from S&P Global Commodity Insights, Inflections base-case scenario.
SourceS:T IEEAP, SW 2or0ld3 E0nergy OutloNoZk E2 02202,3 ie0a.org/repoArtsP/Sw o2r0ld3-e0nergy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A); IEA, CCUS Projects Database, iea.org/data-and-statistics/data-
product/ccus-projects-database, License: CC BY 4.0; BloombergNEF, Global Renewable Fuel Projects Tracker (1.2.2), bnef.com/insights/26611; S&P Global Commodity Insights Scenarios (2023): Inflections (IHSM).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
29

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 15. Oil and gas have many important and diverse uses, as shown in world energy flows
Rail
Transport Passenger
Oil Transport – other
Marine
Aviation
Industry – other
Industry
Iron, steel
Natural gas
Chemical, petchem
Non-energy use*
Heat
Coal Residential
Commercial
Nuclear Electricity
Agriculture,
Geothermal forestry, fishing
Solar, wind, other
Hydro
Power losses*
Biofuels, waste Own use, processing
Non-specified use*
* Power loss = Thermal loss from the generation of electricity and loss in gas distribution, electricity transmission and coal transport. Non-energy use = Those fuels that are used as raw materials in the different
sectors and are not consumed as a fuel or transformed into another fuel. Non-energy use is shown separately in final consumption under the heading “non-energy use.” Non-specified use = All fuel use not
elsewhere specified, as well as consumption in the above-designated categories for which separate figures have not been provided. Military fuel use for all mobile and stationary use is included here (e.g., ships,
aircraft, roads and energy used in living quarters), regardless of whether the fuel delivered is for the military of that country or for the military of another country.
Based on data from: IEA, 2021 World Balances, excluding “Other Energy Sector” balances, iea.org/sankey/, modified by Chevron Corporation.
Exhibit 16. Turnover of energy infrastructure will influence the pace of change
12 13 17 27 30 50+ 75
years years years years years years years
pickups passenger other aircraft gas gas buildings
cars trucks power plants pipelines
Sources: Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS), Average Age of Automobiles and Trucks in Operation in the United States, bts.gov/content/average-age-automobiles-and-trucks-
operation-united-states; BTS, Average Age of Aircraft 2019, bts.gov/2019-average-age-aircraft; Energy Information Administration (EIA), Natural Gas Explained: Natural Gas Pipelines,
eia.gov/energyexplained/natural-gas/natural-gas-pipelines.php; EIA, Assumptions to the Annual Energy Outlook 2023: Commercial Demand Module, eia.gov/outlooks/aeo/assumptions/
pdf/CDM_Assumptions.pdf; Portland Cement Association, Durability, cement.org/learn/concrete-technology/durability.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
30

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.3 demand and supply
How we approach demand: Our views on short- and long-term demand How we approach supply: Every year, we develop a range of long-
are based on analysis of macroeconomic and demographic trends, term supply scenarios for oil, gas and refined products to inform our
technological pathways, consumers’ behavioral patterns, and policy views on prices, test our strategies and assess business risks. The process
impacts, among other factors. Growing populations, rising incomes and involves our proprietary view of the principal drivers of supply growth,
urbanization are the principal forces behind energy-demand growth, including resource supply curves, production constraints, capacities
as they typically lead to greater use of transportation, heating, cooling, at secondary processing facilities, fiscal and financial requirements,
lighting and refrigeration. Policies will continue to play a large role in and geopolitical trends and shifts. Given the complex set of variables
aggregate energy demand and fuel mix. Given the range of uncertainty and uncertainties associated with forecasting long-term supply, we
across key demand drivers, we analyze multiple demand scenarios as part routinely examine multiple scenarios and assess our forecasts against
of our annual planning cycle. third-party perspectives.
3.3.1 View on oil demand uncertainty about the nature of demand recovery from the
In 2022, global liquid fuel demand rose to approximately pandemic, limited price recovery, and a more constrained capital
100 mmbd and nearly recovered to pre-COVID-19 levels.25 market could lead to inadequate investment, future supply
The IEA projects global oil demand to grow to approximately shortages and price volatility.
102 mmbd in 2023, supported by the world’s growing demand
for mobility.26 The 102 mmbd level would represent a new record Although oil markets are well supplied in the short term, in
high for annual oil consumption. Although global oil demand has the medium term more investment would be required to meet
grown at a rate of approximately 1 mmbd, or 1% per year, over the increased demand – often referred to as the “supply gap.” We
past several decades, the IEA Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) analyze this gap in order to forecast which types of resources will
projects that global oil demand will plateau at approximately be needed in the future. Typically, the most economical barrels
102 mmbd through 2050. Future projected growth in China, India are produced from reinvesting in existing production to minimize
and Southeast Asia is offset by projected demand declines in natural decline.
advanced economies. Other third-party scenarios project global
oil demand between a low of approximately 70 mmbd and a high
of 112 mmbd in the 2040–2050 horizon, highlighting the range of
Exhibit 17. Realized decline rates determine the size of the
future uncertainty on oil’s forward trajectory.
supply gap and opportunities for new investment
(mmboe/d)
3.3.2 View on oil supply
At a macro level, oil supply is significantly impacted by
110
producers’ strategies to manage near- and long-term uncertainties.
For example, producers respond to demand expectations by
adjusting investment levels. The IEA estimates that upstream oil
and gas investments have risen by 18% since 2020, when they 100
bottomed out due to COVID-related demand shocks.27 Further,
geopolitical factors can drive production levels, evidenced
by fluctuations in OPEC+ (OPEC plus 11 non-OPEC members)
90
production since 2021.
Capital spending on oil and gas is also impacted by the continued
need for maintenance and investment in existing assets to manage 80
decline rates (Exhibit 17). The production profile for a well, a field
or a geography depends on geological circumstances, engineering
practices and government policies, among other factors.
70
2015 2020 2025 2030
Although non-OPEC decline rates have been estimated to be
Supply with no new investment Additional new fields needed
approximately 3% 28 over the past decade, the increasing share of in IEA STEPS
Supply with additional investment
shale and tight oil has led to higher decline rates. Price declines in existing fields IEA NZE demand
stemming from COVID-19 demand shocks and OPEC+ tensions, Supply from already approved projects
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
31

=== PAGE BREAK ===

$90
International tight oil Shallow
water OPEC
Deepwater OPEC
$80 Canada
(oil sands)
$70
GTL
Shallow
water U.S.
$60 non-OPEC Onshore (lower 48) OPEC tight oil
$50 D n e o e n p -O w P at E e C r n O o n n s - h O o P r E e C
Russia
$40
Iran
$30 Saudi Arabia United Iraq
Arab
Emirates
$20
$10
$0
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90
tnerB
lbb
rep
$ ,egnar
ecirp
nevekaerb
drawrof
tnioP
Exhibit 18. Global liquids long-term supply curve and average point forward breakeven prices in 2029
show the supply curve is relatively flat, implying increased competition among producers
Cumulative liquids capacity 2029 (mmbd)
Average point forward breakeven price
Liquids supply shown includes crude oil, natural gas liquids, coal-to-liquids (CTLs) and gas-to-liquids (GTLs).
Point forward breakeven is the amount of capital needed to produce the resource from today forward. This differs from full-cycle breakeven, which includes all costs for developing a new field. For a
further discussion of breakeven calculations, see Energy Economics, Tight Oil Market Dynamics: Benchmarks, Breakeven Points, and Inelasticities, February 2018, sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/
S0140988317304103.
Source, as modified by Chevron Corporation: Wood Mackenzie, Oil Supply Tool, May 2023.
A common way to visualize oil supply is via a supply curve by exchanges.29 The IEA projects global gas demand to remain near
resource type, in which the width of the bar represents the amount 2022 levels in 2023 as growth in Asian gas markets is offset by
of total production for a given year and the height of the bar further declines in Europe. The STEPS projects that global gas
indicates a representative price range over which that resource demand will increase to just over 4,300 bcm in the 2030s and
is economical to produce (Exhibit 18). Similar types of resources, will plateau around that level through 2050. Growth in natural
or resources from certain regions, are grouped together and thus gas demand is driven by natural gas’s status as a relatively cost-
show a range of prices instead of a single price. In a more detailed competitive resource, a desire among industrial consumers to
and expanded version, every field would be its own line on the diversify fuel sources, and efforts in some jurisdictions to reduce
supply stack. Assets can move relative to one another when their local air pollution and carbon emissions. Gas markets continue to
breakeven values change due to technology, geopolitical or policy price regionally, with Asia-Pacific remaining the largest growth
changes, fiscal terms, or other reasons. The supply stack is a useful market for gas to 2050.30 However, Asia will continue to compete
way to gauge trends in the overall cost of supply and whether there with Europe for incremental LNG supply as the latter seeks to
have been shifts through time. However, care should be taken replace lost Russian supply. Due to concerns around cost and
when drawing detailed conclusions from a supply stack, as the energy security following the Russia-Ukraine military conflict,
exact annual values depend on forecasts, such as project timing scenario ranges in future demand of natural gas are very wide
and performance. for the next decade or so. A recent analysis of third-party future
energy scenarios shows that forecasted natural gas demand in
3.3.3 View on natural gas demand 2040 ranges from roughly 1,000 bcm to 7,000 bcm, a range wider
The IEA estimates that global natural gas demand fell by 1.5% than total gas demand in 2022 (4,000 bcm).
in 2022 to 4,046 bcm as key markets, notably Europe, faced
an energy crisis and record high prices in the wake of supply
disruptions stemming from the Russia-Ukraine military conflict.
In 2022, LNG accounted for approximately 40% of natural gas
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
32

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.3.4 View on natural gas supply
As with oil, we analyze future gas supply needs against demand
avoided emissions
growth in the context of a supply curve to forecast future
economically competitive sources of supply. LNG accounted for
approximately 500 bcm, or approximately 12%, of global natural The IEA and others have recognized the value and emissions
gas supply in 2022. LNG is projected to increase to roughly reductions benefits of switching from coal to natural gas. Per
650 bcm by 2050 per the STEPS, making up approximately 15% the National Renewable Energy Laboratory’s (NREL) analysis,
electricity generated from natural gas is approximately 50% of
of the global natural gas markets. Many third parties project that
the lifecycle carbon intensity of electricity from coal, inclusive
there will be enough capacity from producing assets and projects
of emissions associated with flaring, venting, fugitives
under construction to satisfy global demand through 2025 and end use.31
(Exhibit 19). In the medium to long term, a supply gap could open
up as soon as the mid-2020s or beyond 2030, depending on
Lifecycle GHG emissions estimates for
resilience of demand in Europe, the adoption of gas in emerging electricity generation technologies powered
economies, the speed of recently announced LNG liquefaction by nonrenewable resources
and regasification facility construction, and the pace of wind, solar (g CO₂e/kWh)
and energy storage construction. Europe is expected to continue
importing LNG and additional piped gas from North Africa to 1,800
displace Russian supply. Asia is expected to experience the Maximum
greatest demand growth, and with limited pipeline capacity, the
region is forecasted to import more LNG in the coming decades.
This is one reason LNG is predicted to be the fastest-growing 1,200
source of supply within the gas sector. Q3
Maximum Median
Q1
Minimum
600
Exhibit 19. LNG supply and demand scenarios Q3
Median
Q1
(bcm)
Minimum
1,000
0
Natural gas Coal
800 Source: NREL, Life Cycle Assessment Harmonization, nrel.gov/analysis/life-cycle-
assessment.html.
600
400
200
0
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040
Operational capacity History Consultants – high
Under construction IEA STEPS Consultants – low
IEA APS IEA NZE demand
Sources: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A). Wood Mackenzie, LNG Tool, 2023 Q1 dataset,
accessed April 4, 2023, spotfire.woodmac.com/Viewer; S&P Global LNG Analytics, LNG Supply-
Demand Forecasts, Scenarios: Demand, accessed April 4, 2023, connect.ihsmarkit.com.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
33

=== PAGE BREAK ===

3.3.5 View on refined-products demand Exhibit 20. The gap between refinery runs and total capacity
Transportation fuels and petrochemicals have accounted for most is expected to narrow by 15% by 2040
of the growth in global oil demand since 2010 and are expected to (mmbd)
underpin sustained growth in demand over the next decade. In the
STEPS, product-demand growth continues as increases in demand
120
for transportation services and petrochemicals offset lower
demand due to improved vehicle efficiency, greater use of biofuels
and electrification. The STEPS assumes that EVs reach over 25% of
new vehicle sales globally by 2030, enabling the EV fleet to expand 90
by 11-fold this decade. Rising EV adoption and improving vehicle
efficiency contribute to reduce gasoline demand by just over
2.2 mmbd by 2040. Overall liquid fuel demand increases by over 60
10 mmbd by 2040 in the STEPS, with growth primarily driven by air
travel, trucking, shipping and petrochemical feedstocks. Demand
for high-value petrochemicals, used to produce plastics, resins and
30
fibers (among other products), is projected to rise by almost 20%
between 2021 and 2030 in the STEPS. Policies and technologies
aimed at reducing plastic waste and increased chemical recycling
could reduce demand for oil and gas feedstocks, but even if 0
2021 2030 2040
recycling rates increase from roughly 5% today to 50% by 2050,
as in the APS, oil demand from the petrochemicals sector is Total capacity Other Asia-Pacific Africa
expected to remain in the 15 mmbd range. North America Europe and Russia Other
China Middle East
3.3.6 View on refined-products supply
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
Global refining capacity stood at a little over 101 mmbd as of 2021 License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
(Exhibit 20). As a result of COVID-related demand declines in early
2020, utilization collapsed to less than 75% due to historically low
demand. Refinery closures and conversions have since removed
3.8 mmbd of capacity.32 By 2022, refinery utilization had increased
to over 91% in the United States and 75% globally, with China and
Russia utilizations still running below pre-COVID or pre-conflict
levels. On an annual average basis, fleetwide refinery utilization
rarely climbs much higher than 95% in the United States because
of maintenance periods and seasonal periods of less demand.33
Most capacity additions are expected in Asia, where the majority of
demand growth is expected to occur. Additional capacity growth
is expected in the Middle East.34 Some refiners in the United States
and Europe may convert to renewable and biofuels production
to take advantage of existing and emerging policies. Biofuels
production is expected to increase by 57% by 2030.35
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
34

=== PAGE BREAK ===

100
80
60
40
20
eob/e2OC
smargoliK
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 3,000 3,500 4,000
75th percentile 39 kg CO2e/boe
Chevron, 2022
37 kg CO2e/boe
50th percentile
25th percentile 27 kg CO2e/boe 23 kg CO2e/boe
0
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90
mmboe/d
eob/e2OC
smargoliK
4,440 800
300 300
250 250
200 200 75th percentile
53 kg CO2e/boe
50th percentile
150 150 34 kg CO2e/boe
25th percentile
33 kg CO2e/boe
100 100 Chevron, 2022
28 kg CO2e/boe
50 50
0 0
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90
bcm/y
Production Venting Pipeline LNG Methane
eob/e2OC
smargoliK
Exhibit 21. The 2022 global average oil production carbon Exhibit 22. The 2022 global average gas production carbon
intensity was 59 kg CO₂e/boe intensity was 45 kg CO₂e/boe
Higher-cost production is often correlated with more energy- LNG is generally more carbon-intensive than gas supplied via
and emissions-intensive production. For example, some heavy pipeline. Decisions about electrification, recovering waste heat,
oil may require steam for production, which can impact both avoiding fugitive and vented emissions and flaring, and deploying
cost and emissions. CCUS technology can all impact the carbon intensity of gas.
75th percentile
50th percentile 63 kg CO2e/boe
54 kg CO2e/boe
25th percentile
30 kg CO2e/boe
Chevron, 2022
25 kg CO2e/boe
mmboe/d
Production Flaring Methane
Note: Based on field-level data. Note: Based on field-level data.
Source: IEA, The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions, iea.org/reports/the-oil-and-gas- Source: IEA, The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions, iea.org/reports/the-oil-and-gas-
industry-in-net-zero-transitions, License: CC BY 4.0. industry-in-net-zero-transitions, License: CC BY 4.0.
Carbon intensity of upstream production: Carbon intensity, Exhibit 23. The 2022 global average refining carbon intensity
or CO₂e per unit of production, of each resource type is loosely was 33 kg CO₂e/boe
correlated to the resource’s position, or cost of production, on
the supply curve. Like the wide distribution of supply cost for each
resource type, carbon intensity for each resource type is widely
distributed and can be influenced by the producer. The charts
from the IEA’s The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions
presented in Exhibits 21 and 22 above represent IEA estimates
for global carbon intensity supply stacks for oil and gas, with the
methane global warming potential (GWP) converted to the IPCC
AR4 values. Per Ipieca, the preferred source for GWP factors is
the IPCC’s AR4.36*
Carbon intensity of refining: Generally, more-complex refineries
are more carbon-intensive per unit of throughput than simpler
refineries. More-complex refineries also have the ability to produce
more higher-value products like gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. The
IEA estimates global carbon intensity supply stacks for refining on
a throughput basis (Exhibit 23).
Source: IEA, The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions, iea.org/reports/the-oil-and-gas-
industry-in-net-zero-transitions, License: CC BY 4.0.
* As part of the IPCC review process, climate change scientists regularly review the GWP of different
greenhouse gases and update their perspective on the current scientific consensus of the GWPs.
Governments and industry then often use these GWPs in the development of their greenhouse
gas inventories. The AR4 100-year Global Warming Potential (GWP 100) assigns a GWP of 25 to
convert the mass of methane to its CO₂e value. AR5, released in 2014, assigns a GWP 100 of 28.
AR6, released in 2021, assumes a GWP 100 of 29.8 for fossil fuel sources of methane.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
35

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Equilibrium
demand
Equilibrium
price
Margin*
Marginal
producer
Supply
Lowest-cost
producer
ecirP
3.4 prices: near term and long term
We analyze near- and long-term commodity prices with climate commodity-price forecasts
change policies and other regulatory and policy impacts. We utilize
various quantitative methods to combine our supply-and-demand
Our comprehensive, proprietary forecasts of commodity prices
views and solve for equilibrium commodity prices at which the significantly influence our strategic and business planning.
marginal producer can enter the market and still earn a reasonable Because price is determined in a competitive marketplace,
rate of return (Exhibit 24). scenarios are used to reflect market uncertainties, generating
multiple price trajectories. Our price outlooks include carbon-
price forecasts and cover a wide range of oil prices, natural gas
prices, new energies prices, and costs of goods and services,
among other considerations. These forecasts reflect long-range
Exhibit 24. Price is set where supply crosses demand
effects from population and economic growth, energy mix,
energy efficiency standards, climate-related policy actions,
demand response to prices, technology trajectory, and cost
projection of supplies.
Demand
difference between carbon
price and carbon cost
Although the terms are sometimes used interchangeably, a
“carbon price,” a “carbon cost,” and a “shadow” or “proxy”
carbon price are different. For example, the term “carbon cost”
is sometimes used to refer to carbon pricing and sometimes
used to refer to the societal impacts from carbon emissions.
Quantity A shadow or proxy carbon price is a hypothetical, aggregated
price of carbon, which may include estimates for nonpricing
Note: For illustration only. Not drawn to scale.
regulations, published for investment analysis purposes.
Producers with costs lower than the marginal producer – lower and to the left on the blue stack –
produce more and have larger margins than the marginal producer, in yellow. Producers with costs For us, the term “carbon price” refers to an external price
higher than the marginal producer – higher and to the right on the gray supply stack – typically
would not develop assets. resulting from a policy like a carbon tax or cap-and-trade
system, and for us, a “carbon cost” is generally a function of a
* Margin is shared between all parties involved in production.
jurisdiction-specific carbon-price forecast and asset-specific
characteristics that represent the cost for compliance the asset
would face. Like oil price forecasts, the proprietary information
and the analysis that go into carbon-price forecasts and carbon-
Near term: Markets are primarily characterized by the existing
cost calculations are important to our strategy. Disclosure of
fixed capital stock, which was determined by past capital
our carbon-price forecasts or carbon-cost calculations could
investment decisions. Generally, because production cannot compromise commercially and competitively sensitive informa-
respond quickly to changes in activity levels, near-term prices are tion. Consistent with our proprietary oil and gas price forecasts,
a function of available production, spare capacity and near-term we do not disclose our carbon-price forecasts or carbon costs.
demand conditions. For a new conventional oil field, “first oil” may We support a carbon price.
take three to 10 years, depending on multiple factors, including
the asset type and regulation. Tight oil has shorter development
times; however, as discussed on page 31, uncertainties about shale
operators’ access to capital could limit tight oil’s impact on near-
term prices.
Long term: Competitive markets are characterized by mobility
of capital investment. Over the long term, prices are determined
where long-term supply and long-term demand curves intersect at
a point that reflects the marginal operating costs, the investment
costs on both the supply side and the demand side, and a minimum
rate of return.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
36

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 4
portfolio
4.1 upstream ................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 38
4.2 downstream ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 44
4.3 new energies ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 46
Photo: A worker analyzing a CO₂ capture system. Chevron and Svante
are collaborating to demonstrate Svante’s carbon capture technology at our
San Joaquin Valley operations near Bakersfield, California.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
37

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 4: portfolio
gas in the Eastern Mediterranean. These assets are complemented
by other competitive assets globally (Exhibit 25).
the future of energy
We believe that the most appropriate approach for measuring
We will continue to maintain flexibility in our portfolio and seek the emissions performance of an upstream asset is GHG intensity
investment opportunities to achieve superior shareholder value by commodity on an equity basis – the same method we use
in any business environment. Our approach seeks to create value to report production – which covers all emissions from both
by driving returns across our portfolio of advantaged assets as
company-operated and nonoperated joint ventures. This is aligned
we strive to be more capital-, carbon- and cost-efficient.
with the intent to provide useful GHG information to stakeholders.
Based on a comparison of the IEA’s The Oil and Gas Industry in
Net Zero Transitions data, we estimate that more than 65% of our
production of both oil and gas is below the global average carbon
4.1 upstream intensity for each commodity.
We strive to ensure our upstream business provides competitive
The Permian Basin continues to deliver higher returns, production
returns, regardless of commodity prices. We are focused on
growth and lower carbon intensity. In 2023, we are running four
improving return on capital employed and expanding cash and
grid-powered rigs and one natural gas-driven hydraulic fracturing
earnings margins by operating reliably, managing costs, growing
spread. Approximately 40% of our grid-supplied power will be
attractive positions and completing major capital projects under
from wind and solar. In the deepwater, we have a robust portfolio
construction. We are focused on achieving these outcomes while
that’s delivering strong returns with lower carbon intensity.
continuing to lower the carbon intensity of our operations.
Our Australian assets shipped a record number of LNG cargoes
in 2022 as Gorgon and Wheatstone together delivered first-
Our upstream portfolio is anchored by key assets, including oil in
quartile reliability.
Kazakhstan, LNG in Australia, shale and tight oil onshore U.S. and
Argentina, deepwater assets in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and natural
Exhibit 25. A diverse and advantaged upstream portfolio*
Americas
~1,400 mboe/d for 2022
International
~1,600 mboe/d for 2022
* Production values shown are for 2022.
Shaded countries represent locations
where upstream has a presence.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
38

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 26. Upstream net zero 2050 aspiration
Scope 1 and 2 emissions (kilograms CO₂e/boe)
Potential Scope 1 and 2 reduction opportunities
2016
Emissions 2016
intensity Achieved Emissions Source type Reduction strategies Supporting policy
40 intensity
Direct Energy management, e.g., Carbon pricing, carbon-
Portfolio GHG Future Innovation Net zero energy use: efficiency improvements, related reporting,* support
reductions GHG and combustion lower carbon fuels, for innovation like CCUS
30 reductions offsets electrification with lower and offsets, support for
carbon power, CCUS carbon markets†
Flaring Gas market development, Infrastructure support for
operational best practices, e.g., gas market development
(Divestments) flow assurance for gas, facility
20 reliability improvements
Fugitives Methane management, e.g., Flexibility to use advanced
and venting operational best practices technologies for methane
and facility design detection
10
Indirect energy Energy management, e.g., Carbon pricing, carbon-
use: imported efficiency improvements, related reporting,* support for
electricity and sourcing lower carbon power innovation like CCUS, support
steam for grid infrastructure
0
Projected Projected Projected
2016 2016–2022 * See page 62 on carbon-related reporting.
2023–2028 2029–2050 2050 † See page 61 on carbon markets.
We aspire to reach net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) Most of our direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions
by 2050 (Exhibit 26). Accomplishing this depends on continuing from imported energy (Scope 2) are related to energy use, which
progress on commercially viable technology, government policy, can be reduced by energy management, for example, efficiency
successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and improvements or fuel switching to lower carbon sources (e.g., from
nature-based projects, availability of cost-effective, verifiable diesel to gas).
offsets in the global market, and granting of necessary permits by
governing authorities. The next-largest source category of our direct emissions
(Scope 1) is from activities related to methane, including flaring,
We are taking actions to reduce carbon intensity by high-grading fugitive emissions and venting. Flaring can be reduced by
the portfolio, improving operations and using the MACC process to development of gas markets to enable gas takeaway capacity.
drive emissions reductions on existing facilities. For new facilities, We believe fugitive emissions can be addressed with reduction
we have identified opportunities to adjust our standards and pilot strategies like leak detection and repair (LDAR) programs
new technologies with the aim of lower-emission facility design for and satellite monitoring and can be supported by policies for
future production. equipment performance standards. Venting can be reduced by
pressure-management systems.
Active portfolio management is key to achieving our objectives.
Growth or decline in production from different assets or We have identified over 120 GHG abatement projects to advance
acquisitions and divestitures or from changes in operations and to execution and plan to spend more than $350 million on these
accounting guidelines may result in emissions performance projects in 2023. In 2022, we made progress on 90 projects and
changes (Exhibit 26). Contrary to what some may believe, completed 13. We expect to spend approximately $2 billion on
divestments represent a very small portion of achieved reductions. similar projects through 2028. When completed, the opportunities
are expected to deliver approximately 4 million tonnes of
We assess reduction opportunities in the key areas of energy emissions reductions per year.
management; methane management, consisting of venting,
fugitives and flaring reductions; CCUS; and offsets. Any source of Based on the IEA’s weighted global average of gas production used
emissions can be offset with natural or technological removals, in electricity, we estimate 37 that the potential avoided emissions*
like nature-based solutions and CCUS. These GHG reduction associated with natural gas sold by Chevron, relative to coal, may
approaches can be supported by policy on carbon pricing, well- enable 100 million tonnes of CO₂e reductions per annum by 2030.
designed carbon-related reporting, support for technologies like
CCUS, and offsets.
* Chevron estimated avoided emissions associated with the share of its global natural gas sales
utilized for electricity generation using an attributional lifecycle approach (World Resources Institute
[WRI], 2019). The avoided emissions were calculated as the difference between lifecycle GHG
emissions associated with the reference product (i.e., coal-based electricity generation) and the
assessed product (i.e., natural gas-based electricity generation). The WRI working paper on avoided
emissions can be accessed at ghgprotocol.org/sites/default/files/2023-03/18_WP_Comparative-
Emissions_final.pdf.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
39

=== PAGE BREAK ===

energy management
Emissions associated with our own energy use make up approximately We are increasing the use of renewables in a number of our products as
70% of our direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions from we aim to reduce lifecycle emissions and work to provide verified, low-cost,
imported energy (Scope 2),* which is why energy management is a key high-integrity carbon offsets to our customers around the world to help
focus area. We are working on over 100 energy management projects them achieve their own lower carbon goals.
forecasted to reduce emissions by more than 1.5 million tonnes of CO₂e
Renewable power: By sourcing more electricity from renewable sources,
per year once fully implemented. In addition to our internal efforts,
we are switching to a lower carbon power source and working toward
we support external efforts, including venture capital investments, to
optimizing between purchased and self-generated power. These types of
contribute to the advancement of energy management. For example,
efforts can reduce the direct and indirect emissions associated with our
we have a long-standing collaboration with the University of California at
operations and lower the overall lifecycle carbon intensity of our products.
Davis Energy and Efficiency Institute sponsoring industry research and
technology advancement in energy and energy efficiency solutions. Energy storage: Energy storage is an important component to help
address intermittency with renewable generation. By combining energy
Our strategy to deploy mature, renewable power-generation solutions is
storage solutions with lower carbon power sources, we can lower the
focused and selective. We invest in wind and solar projects that have the
overall carbon intensity of our products.
greatest ability to cost-efficiently lower carbon emissions in our operations.
3+T30 O3- N 3 S(40 R )R1E u C8e O5 M d5u6M C A9N h7 e D0m É0S in wVewrwt .7c5a0r1r1e nPoairri.scom TTJDFOO aBt TT e _A 2 : L 1 2 _ 6 0 / 0 0 0 5 0 /2 8 0 _ 2 T 1 otalEnergies_Logo_CMYK Cdv T e’ee E r xs C fiéi H cochn N ui e I tC Q iroS U en6 E s .ct ruéné dsuorc uIlmluesntrta tor
Algonquin: Chevron and Algonquin Power & UCYANtiMAlGENiTAtYEiLLOWes Corporation seek to Malta: Chevron is invested in Malta Inc., a startup that is developing a long-
co-develop renewable-power projects that provide electricity to strategic duration energy storage system targeting eight-hour to multiday storage
assets across our global portfolio. Under the four-year agreement, we plan for grid-scale applications. Our investment in Malta supports innovation in
to source 500 megawatts of existing and future electricity demand from the future of energy storage. Its technology has the potential to efficiently
renewables and expect to make up to $250 million in investments by 2025. and cost-effectively create a scalable long-term energy storage system
that can support renewables as they potentially become a greater portion
TotalEnergies Renewables USA: Chevron and TotalEnergies Renewables
of the future energy mix.
USA completed construction in 2020 on a solar power project that supplies
our Lost Hills production facilities in California with solar energy. We
expect that the project will provide more than 1.4 billion kilowatt-hours of
solar energy over the potential 20-year term of the agreement.
RayGen: Chevron is invested in RayGen, a startup developing
technology that has the potential to impact long-duration energy
storage and grid stability.
*Year-end 2022.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
40

=== PAGE BREAK ===

methane management
We believe addressing methane emissions has become a key part of being flaring during emergency and upset conditions. Our Angola LNG joint
a responsible producer of oil, products and natural gas. Chevron’s ambition venture was built to provide access to a market for associated natural gas.
is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance. We have reduced flaring intensity from our operated assets in Angola by
more than 80% since 2016.
Our upstream methane-intensity target is 2.0 kg CO₂e/boe by 2028, and
we have reduced the methane intensity of Chevron’s oil and gas operations Chevron is trialing emerging technology and collaborating with third
by more than 50% since 2016. OGCI, of which Chevron is a member, has a parties to help find better ways to detect and measure methane emissions.
2025 collective methane intensity target of well below 0.2% of marketed Improving our methane detection capabilities helps us better identify
gas from operated assets. In 2022, our upstream methane intensity emissions reduction opportunities. We anticipate that our methane emis-
performance was estimated at 0.13% of marketed gas production from sions monitoring and detection program will provide additional insights to
operated assets and 0.17% of marketed gas production on an equity improve how our facilities are operated and maintained.
basis.* In 2021, our methane intensity performance in the Permian Basin
Chevron is taking actions to improve the quality and transparency of
production segment was in the top quartile of oil and gas producers.
methane emissions disclosures. As quantitative technologies become
In 2022, Chevron committed to designing, where possible, new upstream more widely available and protocols are developed to reconcile current
facilities without routine methane emissions. We flare natural gas when inventories with actual measurements, we are working to incorporate field
necessary for safety and operational purposes and in areas where pipelines measurement into existing emission factor-based inventories.
and other alternatives for transporting gas do not exist. During develop-
Read more about Chevron’s strategy, goals and action plan to prevent,
ment planning in the Permian Basin, we consider gas takeaway availability
detect and reduce methane emissions at chevron.co/methanereport.
as if it were a permitting condition. This approach has resulted in limited
The Environmental Partnership (TEP): Chevron is a founding partner of Collaboratory to Advance Methane Science (CAMS) and Methane
TEP, an industry initiative aimed at accelerating the adoption of practices Emissions Technology Evaluation Center (METEC): Chevron is a founding
that reduce methane emissions. The over 100 companies participating in member of CAMS and also serves on the Industrial Advisory Board of the
this initiative have conducted nearly 1.9 million leak detection surveys and METEC, a facility at Colorado State University (CSU) that provides realistic
replaced more than 114,000 pneumatic controllers with lower- or non- oil field settings to test new methane detection technologies. Our CAMS
emitting technologies or otherwise removed them from service. projects include an aerial survey in the Permian Basin, a review of satellite
monitoring capabilities and a measurement study of emissions from LNG
Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI): Chevron is a member of OGCI.
transport activities. Other projects include TOPBOT, where researchers will
Member companies have a methane-intensity target to help reduce collec-
work to close the gap between top-down and bottom-up methane emis-
tive average upstream methane intensity to well below 0.20% by 2025,
sions estimates, and development of AI-based software to help improve
measuring the volume of methane emissions from upstream oil and gas
quantification and localization capabilities of point methane sensors.
operations as a percentage of the total volume of gas marketed.
Chevron has supported CSU’s methane work over the past two years by
Veritas: Chevron has joined Veritas, the GTI Energy Methane Emissions
engaging in the Colorado Coordinated Campaign (C3), which has sought
Measurement and Verification Initiative. The goal of Veritas is to develop
to build emissions models of the Denver-Julesburg Basin by incorporating
and advance technical protocols for measurement and assurance to
data from flyovers, ground-based emissions measurement and the
provide a widely accepted methodology to incorporate field-informed
Methane Emissions Estimation Tool model. Chevron is also supporting
methane quantification into emissions inventories. In summer 2022,
CSU’s Site Air Basin Emissions Reconciliation (SABER) project, which is
Chevron tested and provided technical feedback on the protocols. Chevron
working to demonstrate reconciliation between top-down and bottom-up
is continuing to test and provide feedback on the first official version of the
estimates of emissions in a complex oil and gas production basin.
protocols, which were made public in February 2023.
Project Astra: Chevron participates in Project Astra, a methane sensor
network that leverages data sharing and analytics to provide near-
continuous monitoring across some oil and gas facilities in the Permian
* While we are including this methane metric to allow for comparability with other reporting
Basin. Project Astra is led by the University of Texas at Austin. frameworks, we continue to use kg CO₂e/boe for our methane metric because it allows for allocation
of emissions between multiple products of the same operation (oil, gas, NGLs) and is more useful for
comparing different types of assets.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
41

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Find and fix
Since 2016, we have trialed 14 advanced methane detection
methane strategy in action
technologies. “Find and fix” campaigns in Angola, Argentina,
Australia, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, the Denver-Julesburg Basin,
Our goal is simple – keep methane in the pipe. This starts with the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and the Permian Basin have provided
designing and operating facilities to help prevent methane opportunities to test different methane emissions detection and
emissions and includes deploying technologies to validate measurement options (Exhibit 27). Detection results were used
performance, inform repairs and improve inventories.
to validate performance and inform repairs.
A proactive strategy to design and operate facilities can lead
to meaningful reductions in methane emissions intensity.
In 2022, Chevron contracted GHGSat to monitor up to 22 onshore
Detection and measurement can help assess whether operations
assets worldwide. At one asset, an investigation of satellite
are functioning as designed or identify leaks and other areas
for improvement. Trialing emerging technology lets Chevron detection results found dry gas that had been diverted to a high-
explore what is possible and incorporate innovative solutions pressure flare to assist in decreasing or eliminating dark smoke
into our methane management programs over time. We antici- emissions per local regulatory requirements. To resolve this,
pate that our monitoring and detection program will provide
the dry gas was diverted to a low-pressure flare with a high-
additional insights to improve how our facilities are operated
pressure assistance procedure for smoke reduction. In testing
and maintained.
following the conversion, no methane emissions from flaring
were found.
Chevron’s 2022 LDAR program in the Denver-Julesburg Basin
Design and operation
consisted of more than 2,000 optical gas imaging (OGI) camera
To evolve facility designs, process controls and systems are being
inspections and more than 30,000 auditory, visual and olfactory
reengineered to help remove, reduce or prevent methane venting
(AVO) inspections. Each facility was visited multiple times
as part of our normal operations.
throughout the year for the purpose of identifying potential
emissions sources. The majority of detected emissions sources
We have completed several projects at the Ashdod Onshore
were repaired at the time of inspection.
Terminal in the Eastern Mediterranean, such as converting
instrument gas to instrument air, connecting a tank with natural
In late 2022, we led a 20-day drone campaign offshore Angola.
gas blanketing to a vapor recovery system and converting a facility
We also completed a similar 22-day drone campaign for our
vent stack natural gas purge to nitrogen purge.
onshore and offshore assets in Nigeria. Findings from these
surveys inform our project priorities and emissions inventories for
In Nigeria, we have changed how we manage flaring at the Agbami
our Angola and Nigeria operations.
deepwater production facility. Historically, when a compressor
went down for any reason, gas would be routed to the flare system
Shared learning
to support continued oil production. However, through focused
Chevron, as an OGCI member, has supported OGCI’s pilot program
technical applications, equipment reliability and effective flares
from late 2021 to mid-2022 to deploy GHGSat at six sites in Iraq.
management, we have significantly reduced flaring arising from
The program seeks to identify methane plumes and directly
process upsets while optimizing production.
engage with local operators to help address the causes. OGCI is
working to expand the pilot to additional sites in Iraq, as well as
Our assets in Colorado have reduced methane emissions by
Algeria, Egypt and Kazakhstan, as an introduction to methane
implementing an intermittent gas lift project. Gas lift compressor
monitoring services.
total horsepower has been downsized by operating gas lift on wells
intermittently instead of full time.
Chevron signed a memorandum of understanding with the
Egyptian Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources to share
best practices and expertise related to the reduction of methane
emissions. Chevron plans to provide study tours and workshops
to build awareness of technologies, measurement practices and
examples of projects to reduce emissions.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
42

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 27: Methane detection technology in our operations
technology type* capability benefits current challenges example operations
satellites • Detection thresholds • Potential to be the • Detection thresholds are Block 0/14, Angola
range from lowest-cost option by site high and restrict detection
Eastern Mediterranean, Israel
25,000 kg/hr to to very large sources
• Helpful in identifying
100 kg/hr super-emitters • Limited in producing El Trapial, Argentina
• Monthly to daily global facility-scale resolution
Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
coverage
• Does not work on cloudy days
Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
• Struggles with detection
over water and identifying Permian Basin, U.S.
the emitter with multiple
operators nearby
• Needs accurate local wind
data for quantification
aircraft • Detection thresholds • Leading service providers • Not all technologies Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
range from 50 kg/hr can likely capture most provide specific source or
Permian Basin, U.S.
to less than 3 kg/hr facility emissions emission size information,
• Scale of hundreds of meaning additional Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
detection is needed to
sites per day
identify the source Vaca Muerta, Argentina
Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
facility-scale periodic • Detection limits of • Ability to scan an entire • Field application requires Agbami/Delta, Nigeria
monitoring less than 1 kg/hr are site, including areas individual site visits and
Block 0/14, Angola
(drone or mobile lab) possible with the right that would otherwise be travel time between sites
wind conditions and difficult to reach with or platforms Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
site access handheld devices
• Challenges near electrical
Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
• Scale of tens of sites power lines and near
per day in onshore airports for drones Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
applications
• Weight of the emissions
Permian Basin, U.S.
sensors can reduce battery
life and limit flight time
for drones
facility-scale near- • Detection limits • Potential for 24/7 site • Research and development Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
continuous monitoring vary with the sensor coverage is needed to scale this
Permian Basin, U.S.
(fixed cameras, sensors, etc.) placement and wind approach
• Could have uses beyond
conditions and range methane detection • Generally need precise Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
from 25 kg/hr to less
wind data to interpret
than 1 kg/hr • May provide information on Wheatstone LNG, AU
detection results
the duration of intermittent
• Equipment is fixed at
sources
one site or location
manual leak detection • Detection limits • Ability to identify • Labor-intensive Block 0/14, Angola
(handheld screening like OGI vary based on exact location of a source
• Travel time between sites Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
and EPA Method 21) environmental of emissions
and human factors • Third-party services • Human and site factors Eastern Mediterranean, Israel
but are generally impact results
available in locations with
characterized at less regulatory programs • Does not quantify Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
than 1 kg/hr emissions
• Potential to incorporate Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
• Scale of a few sites into emissions reporting • Can be difficult to reach
per day for fugitive components elevated sources with Permian Basin, U.S.
handheld detection tools
• Current industry and San Joaquin Valley, U.S.
regulatory approach
Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
El Trapial, Argentina
* Since 2016, Chevron has trialed 14 advanced methane detection technologies. Trials have included multiple projects with seven continuous monitoring Commercial use
devices: Project Canary (Canary X), Scientific Aviation (ChampionX) SOOFIE®, Honeywell Gas Cloud Imaging (GCI and Mini GCI), Aeris MIRA Ultra Mobile LDS,
Completed or ongoing pilot
Quanta3 and Qube (Axon). Trials have also involved four aerial survey vendors, Bridger Photonics, Kairos Aerospace, NASA JPL (AVIRIS-NG) and GHGSat; two
drone-based solutions from SeekOps and DJI (U10); and a satellite provider, GHGSat. Planning stages
AU = Australia
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
43

=== PAGE BREAK ===

4.2 downstream Exhibit 28. Optimizing downstream value
chains to maximize value
We seek to grow earnings across the downstream value chain by
making targeted investments in higher-return segments while U.S. West Coast
strengthening our refining and marketing value chains. These
investments are designed to strengthen our value chain, improve
cost competitiveness and meet evolving customer needs. We United States
continually examine ways to meet demand and policy changes.
Chevron’s downstream portfolio is focused in areas of
Richmond Salt Lake
manufacturing strength on the U.S. West Coast, the U.S. Gulf
Coast and in Asia-Pacific (Exhibit 28). We have created tightly
integrated value chains in the markets where we operate and are El Segundo
well positioned to supply our customers. As our focus is on value,
Mexico
not volume, we expect to continue to improve our operations,
lower carbon intensity and grow margins. In our petrochemicals
business, our portfolio focus is on world-scale facilities, proprietary
technology and low-cost feedstocks. To Central America
Complex refineries play an important role in transforming
U.S. Gulf Coast
crude into high-value products. This process tends to have a
higher carbon intensity when measured on a throughput basis,
sometimes referred to as a “simple barrel” basis. Based on data
Pascagoula
from the IEA’s The Oil and Gas Industry in Net Zero Transitions,
over 40% of our refinery capacity is below the global average of
Pasadena
refinery throughput carbon intensity, which is expected when
using a throughput basis and taking into account our portfolio
of complex refineries. Central
America
Lower carbon intensity of transportation fuels
Chevron is creating a portfolio of renewable fuel options,
Colombia
like renewable diesel and biodiesel, in policy-enabled markets.
We believe an approach that embraces all forms of technologies
and solutions is critical to achieving climate and air quality
policy goals with transportation options that are affordable
and accessible to everyone. We conducted demonstrations for
Asia-Pacific
policymakers across the United States to showcase our renewable
gasoline blend that can reduce lifecycle carbon intensity by more
than 40% compared with traditional gasoline. We are working in
California’s policy-enabled markets to scale biofuels, hydrogen, South Korea
and renewable natural gas fuel solutions and technologies.
We are also pursuing opportunities to lead in other markets where
similar policies are expected and are exploring multiple consumer
offerings, including EV charging at retail stations. Thailand
Philippines
Malaysia
Singapore
Australia
Products and intermediaries
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
44

=== PAGE BREAK ===

renewable fuels
We are developing compressed natural gas (CNG), renewable natural RNG and CNG: RNG and CNG projects capture methane that would
gas (RNG), hydrogen, renewable diesel (RD) and biodiesel (BD). We otherwise be emitted to the atmosphere and turn it into a valuable fuel,
have integrated renewable base oil into our lubricants product lines. We with negative carbon intensity on a lifecycle basis under the California
co-process biofeedstock in our own facilities, collaborate with others to Low Carbon Fuel Standard. Our primary focus is to develop lower lifecycle
produce and procure RNG, and market the RNG volumes for use in vehicles carbon intensity gas from renewable sources at dairy farms with the scale
operating on CNG. and proximity to natural gas pipelines to enable commercial projects.
We expect to diversify our feedstock mix over time, likely to include
Processing biofeedstock: Sixty percent of our U.S. terminals are now
wastewater and landfill gas. We aim to grow production of RNG to
capable of renewable or biodiesel distribution. With the renewable diesel
40,000 million BTUs per day by 2030.
project in Geismar, Louisiana, expected online in 2024, our renewable fuels
capacity will increase by 30%. Leveraging our existing refining system and Renewable base oil: To date, we have a portfolio of patents, including
other anticipated actions, we are targeting production capacity of roughly some that target fuel economy, EV fluids and equipment life extension,
100 mbd of renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, biodiesel and all using renewable base oil. Chevron’s renewable base oil and renewable
other biofuels by 2030. By building off the capabilities and assets of our lubricant are available in the market today.
new organization, Chevron Renewable Energy Group, we are halfway to
Renewable fuels are important products that can help reduce the lifecycle
achieving our 2030 capacity target.
carbon intensity of transportation fuels today while meeting the world’s
growing energy needs.
Brightmark: Chevron and Brightmark LLC have formed Brightmark RNG Bunge: Chevron and Bunge North America, Inc. have formed Bunge
Holdings LLC, a joint venture to develop projects across the United States Chevron Ag Renewables LLC, a joint venture leveraging Bunge’s expertise
to produce RNG. The joint venture funds the construction of infrastructure in oilseed processing and farmer relationships and Chevron’s expertise in
and the commercial operation of dairy biomethane projects in multiple fuels manufacturing and marketing. The 50-50 joint venture is intended
states, from which we purchase RNG and market the RNG volumes for use to help us meet the demand for lower lifecycle carbon intensity fuels and
in vehicles operating on CNG. develop renewable fuel feedstocks. It also is anticipated to establish a
reliable supply chain from farmer to fueling station and double the current
Getting to Zero Coalition: Chevron has joined more than 160 companies
facility capacities from 7,000 tons per day by the end of 2024.
in the Getting to Zero Coalition, an industry-led platform for collaboration
that brings together stakeholders from across the maritime and fuels value Airports of Tomorrow: Chevron is a member of Airports of Tomorrow
chains with the financial sector and others. The coalition is committed to (AoT), which consolidates the lower carbon aviation work previously done
getting commercially viable deep-sea zero-emission vessels powered by by the World Economic Forum through its Clean Skies for Tomorrow (CST)
zero-emission fuels into operation by 2030 toward full decarbonization by and Target True Zero initiatives. AoT is working to accelerate aviation’s
2050. It is managed by the Global Maritime Forum, who initially founded energy transition, including hydrogen propulsion, scale-up of biofuel and
the coalition together with the World Economic Forum and Friends of SAF, and new innovations in technology. Joining the AoT – and being a
Ocean Action. member in 2022 of its predecessor CST – supports our efforts to advance a
lower carbon future by increasing the availability of fuels in sectors where
CalBio: Chevron has partnered with CalBio and dairy farmers to form
emissions are harder to abate.
CalBioGas LLC, a joint venture to produce and market dairy biomethane
as an RNG transportation fuel in California. These efforts mitigate dairy Beyond6: Chevron has acquired full ownership of Beyond6, LLC (B6)
methane emissions and reduce waste. In 2020, we began producing RNG and its network of 55 CNG stations across the United States. With this
at dairy farms in the California Central Valley. acquisition, we can market the RNG we either produce or procure through
a nationwide network of CNG locations.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
45

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 29. Aiming to grow lower carbon businesses 4.3 new energies
Achievement of the ambitious goals set out in this section
We are building businesses in renewable fuels, CCUS and offsets,
depends on the development of policy and regulatory support,
hydrogen, and emerging technologies (Exhibit 29). We believe
technological advancement, and the granting of necessary
we can build competitive advantages and target sectors of the
permits by governing authorities.
economy that cannot be easily electrified. Chevron has a long
history of advancing and adopting external innovation. Our goal
is to help customers meet their lower carbon ambitions and
reduce the carbon intensity of our own operations while pursuing
opportunities that generate attractive returns.
2030
targets we believe innovation,
technology and policy will be
key drivers of change
We begin with a portfolio of Chevron’s existing assets, deep
technical expertise and decades of experience as a strong
foundation for future growth. Our assets are in markets where
we can meet growing demand based on cost-competitive supply
combined with appropriate policy support. Our relationships
with key customers and partners will be critical in developing
economic projects that can scale across a complex value chain.
100 mbd
We have strong commercial capabilities and experience managing
renewable fuels rapidly changing businesses. Managing diverse stakeholder and
production capacity government interests is something we do every day, and we’ve
successfully managed complex joint ventures all over the world.
Chevron’s credibility and reputation make us the partner of choice,
bringing access to new opportunities.
25 mmtpa
offsets business and CCUS
150 mtpa
hydrogen equity
production capacity
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
46

=== PAGE BREAK ===

carbon capture, utilization
and storage and offsets
We believe that CCUS and carbon offsets are important to achieving global We are growing a carbon offsets business to meet a range of internal and
net zero and to our aim of accelerating progress toward the lower carbon external needs. This includes investing in compliance markets where we
ambitions of our company and customers. are regulated and providing solutions for our customers to help achieve
their emissions reduction goals. We have a global trading organization and
Chevron is working to develop and deploy CCUS technologies. Our strategy
actively invest in scalable solutions – like soil carbon storage, reforestation
is twofold: lower the carbon intensity of our existing assets and grow a
and mangrove restoration – to build a portfolio of high-integrity credits.
CCUS business that helps reduce emissions of the industries that enable
modern society. Nature-based solutions, including those quantified via
offsets, can be an important carbon sink.
TECHNOLOGY TO ACHIEVE ‘NET ZERO’
Bayou Bend CCS: Chevron has a membership interest in the Bayou Bend Carbon Sync: Chevron has invested with Carbon Sync, a soil carbon
joint venture with Talos Energy and Equinor. Bayou Bend is a CCS project farming project developer, to develop soil sequestration projects in
along the Texas Gulf Coast. In early 2023, the project was expanded to Western Australia. Through holistic management and regenerative farming
cover nearly 140,000 acres of geological formation both onshore and practices, Carbon Sync aims to improve soil health, enhancing its ability to
offshore, which has a gross potential storage resource of over 1 billion capture and sequester carbon. Our investment with Carbon Sync intends
tonnes of CO₂. The expansion helps position Bayou Bend to be a CO₂ to provide critical learning and insight related to the commercial and
transportation and storage provider for industrial emitters in and around technical aspects of soil carbon projects.
the Houston Ship Channel and the Beaumont/Port Arthur area.
Carbon Clean: Chevron is invested in Carbon Clean, a carbon capture
Eastridge CCS Project: Chevron plans to reduce the carbon intensity company providing solutions for hard-to-abate industries. As part of the
of our Central California operations by installing post-combustion carbon investment, Chevron and Carbon Clean are seeking to develop a carbon
capture equipment to capture CO₂ and store it thousands of feet under- capture pilot for Carbon Clean’s CycloneCC™ technology on a gas turbine
ground. This potential CCS project will begin at our Kern River Eastridge in San Joaquin Valley, California.
cogeneration plant in Kern County, California.
Restore the Earth Foundation: Chevron is participating in a reforestation
Australia GHG assessment permits: Chevron is part of three joint ventures project for up to 18,800 acres, planting approximately 3.7 million trees
that have been granted an interest in three offshore GHG assessment in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana. The project brings together Chevron and
permits. The permits authorize us to explore an area covering nearly Restore the Earth Foundation to develop a nature-based solution, with an
7.8 million acres – an area larger than Belgium – for potential GHG storage aim to generate 4.7 million tonnes of carbon offsets through the reforesta-
formations or injection sites. tion of natural cypress forests in St. Charles Parish.
Kern River Carbon Capture Project: Chevron, Svante and the U.S. International Emissions Trading Association (IETA): Chevron is a member
Department of Energy National Energy Technology Laboratory (project of IETA, a nonprofit created to establish an international framework for
#DE-FE0031944) are piloting technology that captures CO₂ from our Kern trading in GHG emissions reductions. IETA members seek to develop an
River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California. emissions trading regime that results in real and verifiable GHG emissions
reductions, while balancing economic efficiency with environmental
integrity and social equity. Chevron is also a founding member of IETA’s
Markets for Natural Climate Solutions Initiative, which draws on the power
of nature to actively manage land use emissions, remove carbon from the
atmosphere and store it in natural systems.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
47

=== PAGE BREAK ===

hydrogen
We believe the use of lower carbon intensity hydrogen as a fuel source Chevron previously held patents on nearly 70 inventions from early
or feedstock can help reduce the amount of GHG emissions entering commercial ventures that are applicable to our future development plans.
the atmosphere. Currently, Chevron has filed patent applications or holds granted patents
on approximately 20 inventions. We produce approximately 1 million
We are developing a lower carbon hydrogen and ammonia business
tonnes of hydrogen per year for use in our refining operations. Further,
where Chevron can build competitive advantages over time, focused on
we have the potential to supply and sell hydrogen to customers from
heavy-duty transport, power and other hard-to-abate sectors. Supply
our existing refineries by leveraging our distribution capabilities, sales
opportunities are centered in three core regions: U.S. West; Texas and U.S.
channels and brands. We are currently building hydrogen fueling stations
Gulf Coast; and Asia-Pacific.
at select locations.
Chevron has decades of knowledge and experience with hydrogen.
Our capabilities in CCS can position us to build natural gas-based, lower
We are pursuing commercial opportunities to develop technology, build
carbon intensity hydrogen, leveraging our upstream assets in several
infrastructure, connect supply chains and grow the hydrogen market,
regions. We are investing in demonstration projects and innovative
which are all key components to deliver hydrogen at scale.
technology startups that can help lower the cost and carbon intensity
of hydrogen production and delivery.
ACES Delta: Chevron has a majority interest in the Advanced Clean Energy Pertamina New & Renewable Energy and Keppel: Chevron signed a joint
Storage Delta (ACES Delta) electrolytic hydrogen production and storage study agreement with Pertamina and Keppel to explore the development
project in Delta, Utah, with operations planned by mid-2025. The project of select lower carbon hydrogen and ammonia projects using renewable
is expected to initially produce up to 100 tonnes per day of electrolytic energy located primarily in Sumatera, Indonesia.
hydrogen and will utilize salt caverns to store the energy.
Zero Emission Industries (ZEI): Chevron is invested in ZEI, a developer of
Solar-to-hydrogen project: Chevron aims to use existing solar power, land hydrogen fuel cell power systems for the maritime industry.
and produced water from Chevron’s San Joaquin Valley assets to produce
Aurora Hydrogen: Chevron is invested in Aurora Hydrogen, a developer
electrolytic hydrogen.
of hydrogen production technology that uses microwave energy without
U.S. Gulf Coast: Chevron is collaborating with Air Liquide, LyondellBasell generating any CO₂ emissions or consuming water.
and Uniper on a joint study to evaluate and potentially advance the
Syzygy Plasmonics: Chevron is invested in Syzygy, a developer of lower
development of a hydrogen and ammonia production facility. The facility
carbon hydrogen technology.
could support industrial carbon reduction and mobility applications in
the U.S. Gulf Coast region and expand clean ammonia exports, helping to Hydrogenious LOHC Technologies: Chevron is invested in Hydrogenious,
increase the supply of lower carbon power internationally. Chevron is also a developer and provider of liquid organic hydrogen carrier technology.
a founding member of the HyVelocity Hub, comprised of leading energy Hydrogenious’ technology has the potential to unlock the economic value
companies and organizations working to accelerate the development of of hydrogen through lower transportation, storage and distribution costs.
hydrogen hubs in Texas, Southwest Louisiana and the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Caterpillar: Chevron and Caterpillar have a collaboration agreement to
Iwatani: Chevron has an agreement with Iwatani to co-develop and develop hydrogen demonstration projects and stationary power applica-
construct up to 30 hydrogen fueling sites in California by 2026. tions, including prime power. We also are working with Caterpillar-owned
Solar Turbines to adapt a low-emissions turbine engine partially fueled by
Raven SR and Hyzon: Chevron is collaborating with Raven SR and Hyzon
hydrogen. Blending hydrogen with traditional fuels to power the engine
to commercialize operations of a solid waste-to-hydrogen generation
could help reduce its GHG emissions.
and production facility in Richmond, California, intended to supply lower
carbon hydrogen fuel to transportation markets in Northern California.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
48

=== PAGE BREAK ===

emerging technologies
We have a long history of identifying and driving innovation through widespread baseload, nonintermittent resource that can complement and
investments in emerging technologies, research and development, and add capacity to meet the world’s growing renewable-power demand.
university partnerships. We are currently exploring opportunities to
In addition to geothermal, we are exploring other emerging lower carbon
commercialize the next generation of emerging technologies. These
power technologies, such as lithium extraction. Technologies such as
efforts will build on our assets and capabilities to meet growing enterprise
long-duration storage or small, modular nuclear reactors can be part of
and customer needs.
the solutions needed to deliver on the world’s growing demand for lower
Initially, we are leveraging core capabilities in subsurface, drilling, wells carbon energy. Through venture capital, we continue to invest in other
and facilities, and our operating history in geothermal, to advance and lower carbon technologies.
scale novel geothermal energy, which can potentially allow access to a
Baseload Capital: Chevron is invested in Baseload Capital, a private invest- Sonoma Clean Power: Chevron is working with Sonoma Clean Power to
ment company focused on the development and operation of low- and identify and develop geothermal opportunities in Sonoma and Mendocino
medium-temperature geothermal and heat power assets. We also have a counties, California.
joint venture with Baseload to develop geothermal projects in the U.S., the
Texas Geothermal Energy Alliance (TXGEA): Chevron is a member of
first of which is in Weepah Hills, Nevada.
TXGEA, an education and advocacy organization created to enhance
Eavor Technologies: Chevron is invested in Eavor Technologies, a geothermal energy in Texas.
company that provides a closed-loop geothermal technology for both
Zap Energy: Chevron is invested in Zap Energy, a startup developing
power and direct heat markets. Eavor’s innovative system has dispatch-
a next-generation modular fusion energy system with an innovative
ability for power load balancing, which is becoming more essential as
approach to advancing cost-effective, flexible and commercially scalable
intermittent renewables become a larger part of power grids.
fusion power.
Mitsui Oil Exploration Company (MOECO): Chevron announced the
Mainspring Energy: Chevron is invested in Mainspring Energy, a startup
signing of a joint collaboration agreement to explore the technical and
developing technology that has the potential to enable greater fuel flex-
commercial feasibility of advanced geothermal power generation in Japan.
ibility and utilization of lower carbon fuels with near-zero NOx emissions.
Building on Chevron and MOECO’s long-standing relationship, the new
collaboration will study geothermal resource potential across Japan and
will evaluate the effectiveness of advanced closed-loop technology for a
future joint pilot project there.
integrated partnerships
We are collaborating in new ways with innovators, policymakers, communi- JERA: Chevron and JERA are collaborating on multiple lower carbon
ties and customers to accelerate progress toward integrated lower carbon opportunities focused on the U.S. and Asia-Pacific regions. Opportunities
products and solutions that can help reduce emissions of industries that include the production of lower carbon fuels, CCUS and new technology
enable modern society. commercialization.
KazMunaiGas (KMG): Chevron has a memorandum of understanding PT Pertamina: Chevron has collaborated with PT Pertamina (Persero) to
to explore potential lower carbon business opportunities in Kazakhstan explore potential lower carbon business opportunities in Indonesia. Aimed
with KMG. Chevron and KMG have been evaluating the potential for lower at serving local and potentially regional customers, we plan to consider
carbon projects in areas such as CCUS, hydrogen, energy efficiency and novel geothermal technologies; carbon offsets through nature-based
methane management, and carbon financial disclosure methodology. solutions; CCUS; and lower carbon hydrogen development, production,
storage and transport.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
49

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 5
performance
and policy
5.1 assessing performance on a lifecycle basis .................................................................................................................................................... 51
5.2 policy ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 54
Photo: Workers on a rig near Carlsbad, New Mexico. Our Permian Basin
operations are among the lowest methane emissions per site of any operator.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
50

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 5: performance and policy
to drive the most pragmatic policy, incentivize producers to
abate more, inform buyers on making lower carbon choices in a
measuring and advocating
standardized manner and identify more cost-efficient emissions
for what matters reduction options.
We need to advance lifecycle assessment. Corporate GHG
To advance an orderly transition to a lower carbon future,
we believe GHG emissions (carbon) data and policies that emissions inventory reporting has been around for approximately
incentivize capital markets and customers to make rational 20 years.38 Emissions inventory reporting developed from the
choices are needed. In 2022, over 70% of Chevron’s equity top down, starting with global calculated emissions moving to
direct emissions were covered by mandatory GHG reporting
national calculations and then, more recently, corporate reporting.
programs and more than 50% of our direct emissions were in
The more we can integrate a lifecycle approach, the more we can
regions with existing or developing carbon-pricing policies.
Chevron actively engages with stakeholders to advance lifecycle improve decision making across specific value chains.
analysis and works with governments to help implement
well-designed climate policies. We aim to find common ground Absolute reporting emissions provides insight into company size,
among stakeholders and companies with varying views to
sector or types of activities in which a company engages. Intensity-
achieve a lower carbon future for all.
or performance-based reporting is useful for assessing relative
carbon efficiency, or carbon performance, of different suppliers
of products and services for similar activities (Exhibit 31). Being
able to assess, quantify and communicate carbon performance in
5.1 assessing performance on a lifecycle basis a standardized way across the lifecycle of products and services
can help promote reduction activities and policies. Steps have been
The world is not on track to meet the goals of the Paris Agree- made by some jurisdictions in assessing carbon performance using
ment* and needs better data to enable better decisions to intensity data, which can be a building block to a lifecycle analysis,
advance these goals. Chevron believes lifecycle analysis (LCA) is a also known as “carbon footprinting.”
powerful tool to enable data-driven decisions. A lifecycle approach
to carbon accounting facilitates informed decision making 5.1.1 Standardized lifecycle accounting for emissions,
throughout the value chain. Carbon data that is consistent, reliable reductions and removals would enable more complete and
and transparent across sectors, products and firms of all sizes can comparable data and enable standardized assessments of
be used to understand the carbon performance associated with carbon performance relative to alternatives.
a good or service at each stage of the lifecycle, from production
to manufacturing to transport (Exhibit 30). Aggregating the data Actual: Primary data are key to differentiating between product
enables a full lifecycle assessment that can improve decision suppliers. Primary data – via methods specific to the underlying
quality at each point at which policy, manufacturing or purchasing product, process and supplier – are needed to assess the relative
decisions are made. Such an approach could enable policymakers
Exhibit 30: It is important to assess carbon performance for comparable stages in the lifecycle
lifecycle
production transport manufacturing transport use emissions
+ + + + =
25 5 37 5 420 492†
kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe
* The UN Environment Programme’s Emissions Gap Report 2022, unep.org, shows that the world is not on track to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting global warming to well below 2° C, preferably 1.5° C.
† Illustrative values are based on production and manufacturing values from Chevron’s oil and refining carbon intensities, respectively, as stated on page 66 in Chevron’s GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
table; transport value based on Chevron internal analysis of IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018; end-use value from API, GHG Compendium (2021), api.org.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
51

=== PAGE BREAK ===

performance of multiple suppliers of the same product and to
incentivize performance improvements.
chevron was an early adopter
Allocations: A consistent allocation approach is important of emissions reporting
to ensure comparability of product-level emissions. The
inherent bias imposed by allocation choices can lead to potential
For more than 20 years, Chevron has reported, at the company
“methodology arbitrage” wherein one product appears superior level, both direct emissions and the largest category of its
based solely on accounting choices. When more than one product indirect emissions (combustion of our products). We recently
is produced at a facility, there are multiple ways to allocate achieved reasonable assurance‡ of our corporate inventory.
emissions across products – based on quantity, mass, energy or
economic value at various levels of granularity, including regional,
facility or process unit – all of which result in different values for a
carbon footprint. There are many reasons that avoidance, abatement or removal may
be undertaken by a different party. For example:
Consistency in allocation decisions can facilitate comparability. For
example, in mining gems, both gems and waste rocks result. Some • Lower cost of avoidance, abatement or removals.
propose that all emissions resulting from mining activities should
be allocated to the gems, as they are the primary economic value • Products may be commingled in storage or transport, which
driver of the mine. However, others propose that the emissions makes tracing differentiated products impossible (common in
should be distributed to both the gems and the waste rocks energy products).
based on the proportional volume produced given the physical
processing. Chevron believes it is important to consider both • Local markets for a lower carbon activity may not exist, and
the economic value and physical processing requirements when shipping of the physical products – when and if possible – to
allocating emissions across products from the same facility. markets that value carbon efficiency may increase overall
carbon emissions.
Attribution: Effective use of carbon attributes can harness
market forces to promote carbon efficiency at the least cost to • Entities with the desire to fund emissions reductions may be
society. GHGs are global in nature, having the same impact on geographically separated from the lower-cost carbon emissions
climate change no matter where emissions occur.* Therefore, in the reduction, in which case, decoupling environmental attributes
pursuit of the Paris Agreement goals, GHG emissions reductions enables broader access to markets, which can accelerate a more
could be encouraged no matter where they occur and as cost- cost-efficient lower carbon future.39
efficiently as possible. One way to achieve this is to decouple
the carbon performance of a product or service via the creation Consistent methodologies that track both physical and contracted
of an environmental attribute paired with another product. This carbon performance are needed to enable efficient markets,
system, sometimes referred to as “book-and-claim,”† enables one ensure emissions are counted once and enable effective
party to incentivize and claim an emissions reduction even if the reconciliation of emissions.
reduction physically occurs elsewhere.
Exhibit 31: Differences between absolute emissions reporting and intensity- or performance-based reporting
term definition uses
absolute emissions Total emissions emitted • Indicates relative size of business
reporting over a period of time, usually • Drives absolute emissions reductions through operational and design changes
associated with an activity, • Incentivizes divestment, shutdowns and reporting methodology arbitrage
product or area
intensity- or performance- Emissions divided by • Establishes a normalized performance measure
based reporting production or energy units • Provides insight on carbon efficiency
• Drives absolute reductions through operational and design changes
• Incentivizes more carbon-efficient production growth
* Other reasons, such as local air criteria pollution, may influence location of emissions, but the emissions still contribute to climate change. The impact is global, not local.
† A number of regulatory and nonregulatory programs use this practice, such as in renewable fuels and renewable electricity.
‡ “Reasonable assurance” refers to a high level of confidence that stated information is accurate and complete, allowing a verifier to conclude that the GHG information is fairly stated, contrasted with no
assurance or limited assurance. “Limited assurance” refers to a negative form of conclusion which allows verifiers to conclude that nothing has come to their attention to cause them to believe that GHG
information is misstated. For our most recent ESG assurance statement, visit chevron.co/ESGassurance.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
52

=== PAGE BREAK ===

lifecycle carbon accounting
A more effective and reliable lifecycle approach to carbon accounting in advancing lifecycle carbon accounting and developing critical
and associated digital tools are necessary to advance a lower carbon digital products, such as for lifecycle tracking and tracing to create
future. Chevron continues to invest, directly and through partnerships, data to inform policies, capital markets and customers.
THE OPEN GROUP
FORUM
123Carbon: Chevron worked with 123Carbon to complete an “insetting,” The Statement of Greenhouse Gas Emissions (SGE)
or reductions from within a company’s value chain, pilot by tokenizing the Methodology: Chevron collaborated with Pavilion Energy and
bunkering of biofuel for Chevron-owned vessels in Singapore. 123Carbon QatarEnergy on developing the SGE, a published methodology to quantify
was founded to accelerate the decarbonization of transportation and the GHG emissions associated with a delivered LNG cargo. It provides a
provides a blockchain-based platform to create insets derived from measurement, reporting and verification methodology that complements
multimodal low carbon transport. common GHG reporting processes to deliver a consistent, verified SGE for
each delivered LNG cargo.
Smart Freight Centre (SFC): Chevron collaborated with other stake-
holders on the development of market-based approaches to decarbonize Pathfinder Framework: Chevron collaborated in the Partnership for
transportation through SFC. SFC, a nonprofit organization focused Carbon Transparency (PACT) with stakeholders across the value chain,
on reducing GHG emissions from freight transportation, publishes the in an effort facilitated by the World Business Council for Sustainable
approaches in their Voluntary Market Based Measures Framework for Development (WBCSD), to develop the Pathfinder Framework. It was
Logistics Emissions Accounting and Reporting. created with the aim of addressing the existing challenges to data trans-
parency. It seeks to help businesses develop a better understanding of the
Xpansiv and CMS: Chevron collaborated with Carbon Management
carbon emissions of their products and empower smart, carbon-informed
Solutions (CMS) and Xpansiv to pilot a lower carbon fuel oil transaction
decision making by encouraging and guiding the exchange of primary
that provides auditability and traceability for fuel oil in Singapore on a
carbon footprint data across value chains. The framework provides
blockchain-based asset ledger. CMS is a decarbonization platform built
supplementary guidance for accounting, verification and exchange of
for the commodities market, and Xpansiv is a market infrastructure
cradle-to-gate product carbon footprints, with the aim of creating more
provider for registering, managing, trading, settling, retiring, analyzing
granular, comparable and consistent emissions data.
and reporting data-driven environmental commodities.
Pathfinder Network: Through the WBCSD and PACT, Chevron is
Open Footprint Forum: Chevron is collaborating with other stakeholders
collaborating with stakeholders from across the value chain and technology
through the Open Footprint Forum. The Open Group is a global consortium
companies to develop technical specifications for the standardized
that enables the achievement of business objectives through technology
exchange of carbon emissions data. Based on Pathfinder Framework
standards, using the Open Footprint Forum to create a common model
guidelines, the specifications will, for the first time, allow different
for footprint-related data covering all types of emissions, consumptions
emissions and accounting tech solutions to connect to and understand
(e.g., water, land, energy) and base calculations to normalize and
each other, making it easier for businesses to access data.
aggregate data.
E-liability: Chevron is working with the E-liability Institute to pilot and
ISO 6338: 2023 Method to Calculate GHG Emissions at LNG Plant:
develop a report applying E-liability’s carbon-accounting approach. The
Chevron collaborated with other stakeholders through IOGP, an
aim is to produce accurate and auditable data for both direct and indirect
international industry association of oil and gas producers, and through
emissions. E-liability Institute is a not-for-profit with a mission to rapidly
the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), an independent,
ramp up adoption of the E-liability method and to communicate learnings
nongovernmental organization with a membership of 168 national stand-
with corporations, universities and the public sector.
ards bodies, to develop a method to calculate the GHG emissions from an
LNG liquefaction plant, onshore or offshore.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
53

=== PAGE BREAK ===

5.2 policy encourage national policies to support international linkages
(e.g., through Article 6 of the Paris Agreement), with the
goal of ultimately establishing a liquid and integrated global
we believe policy should
carbon market.
empower markets to incentivize the
most cost-efficient GHG abatement, Individual companies contribute to achieving the goals of the
Paris Agreement through their participation in policies that may
avoidance and removals
be included in the NDCs of the countries in which the companies
operate (Exhibit 32). We work with governments to encourage
We support the goals of the Paris Agreement. We believe policy well-designed policies, such as carbon pricing and encouraging
should drive the most efficient and cost-effective abatement the most efficient and least carbon-intensive producers of goods
economywide, along with natural and technological emissions and services. Most energy forecasts agree that oil and gas will
removals. Narrow sectoral or geographic approaches are less continue to be a significant source of energy – even in a net
efficient than broad economywide solutions, which are better zero scenario – for years to come. We believe that transparent
able to incentivize more efficient and cost-effective reductions. performance reporting will enable the market to reward the most
Chevron supports a price on carbon, applied as widely and broadly carbon-efficient producers.
as possible, as the best approach to reduce emissions. We work to
Exhibit 32. Nearly all countries have endorsed the Paris Agreement, and many are supporting net zero ambitions
EnEdnodrsoerdse Pda Priasr Aisg Aregeremeemnetnt
EnEdnodrsoerdse Pda Priasr Aisg Aregeremeemnet nt
anadn gdo gvoevrnemrnemnet nsut psuppoprto frot rf or
nent ezet rzoe raom abmitbioitniosns
As of September 2023.
Sources: United Nations Treaty Collection, treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.
aspx?src=TREATY&mtdsg_no=XXVII-7-d&chapter=27&clang=_en; United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change, unfccc.int.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
54

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Demand 2 Demand 1
Price 1
Price 2
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Demand 1 Demand 2 Supply
Price 2
Price 1
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
Renewable power
Other technologies
CCUS
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
Renewable power
Other technologies CCS
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Policy organizational framework: Given the scale of the global Exhibit 33. A MACC can be a helpful organizational framework
challenge to address climate change, allocation of resources as for policy analysis and abatement-potential analysis†
efficiently and effectively as possible is critical to creating the
greatest progress. Curtailing emissions at the lowest cost per
tonne, irrespective of where or in which sectors those abatements
occur, is the most economically efficient approach. Such efforts,
grouped by category, can be ordered by cost of the reduction on
a per-tonne basis in a graphical representation (Exhibit 33), often
referred to as a “marginal abatement cost curve,” or MACC.*
Each bar represents one category of mitigation opportunity.
The height of each bar represents the cost of abatement, generally
expressed in a cost per tonne of carbon dioxide-equivalent
(CO₂e), and the width of each bar represents the volume of
abatement, usually in tonnes of CO₂e. Generally, efficiency and
some renewable-power applications are less costly than nature-
and land-based reductions, which are generally less costly than Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
CCUS and other technologies still in early development. Potential Renewable power
Exhibit 34. In markets with caOrbthoenr tpecrhicnionlogg,i ethse carbon cost often
carbon reduction costs and volumes can also vary by geography CCS
follows the cost of abatement in the market†
or application.40
Many economists believe the most efficient way to achieve
economywide emissions reduction is through a price on carbon.41
We agree. Carbon pricing incentivizes reductions across the
economy and investment in reduction technologies for the future.
A price in the form of either a tax – which sets a price on
emissions – or a cap-and-trade system – which sets the volume
of emissions reduction – can incentivize solutions within a
market-based framework, strengthening and compounding its
comparative advantages over time (Exhibit 34). In addition, a
carbon tax could raise revenue that may be invested or returned to
impacted communities and consumers.
The wider the coverage of a price, the more opportunities to
find carbon reductions. For example, for economies that are
not members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation Exhibit 35. In markets with narrowly targeted policies,
and Development (OECD), it is often less expensive to reduce abatement opportunities may be reordered†
emissions because investment may not have been made in more
efficient technologies. By linking OECD and non-OECD economies,
financing can be mobilized to incentivize reductions at the lowest
cost. It is estimated that with global cooperation (e.g., through the
Paris Agreement), reductions can be made at half the cost of an
inefficient and unlinked system.42
Policies narrowly targeted at specific geographic regions,
sectors or technologies are likely to miss the efficiencies of a
comprehensive market-based system. The impact of a targeted
approach may be a reordering of the MACC opportunities – by
shifting a higher-cost activity to the left on the graph (Exhibit 35).
This typically achieves less emissions reduction, at any given cost.
* Construction of a MACC requires detailed understanding of a wide range of technologies and
mitigation options across the various sectors of the economy. Numerous decisions are also
necessary, such as the grouping of technologies and the choice of discount rate, which can affect
both the volume and the cost calculations. MACCs should be taken as qualitative, rather than
quantitative, representations of the costs and potential magnitudes of mitigation options unless † For illustration only. Not drawn to scale. Example of a marginal abatement cost curve;
done with facility- and project-specific information. project ranking represents average prices, but specific projects within categories vary.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
55

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Although carbon pricing is generally regarded as the most Exhibit 36. Approximately 50% of global daily oil production
efficient way to reduce emissions,43 governments may want to crosses borders
support innovation by investing in technologies that, through (mmbd)
commercialization, could unlock further reduction opportunities
even though they are currently more expensive and have a so-
called “green premium.” This term refers to the “additional cost 1.1
of choosing a clean technology over one that emits a greater
3.8
amount of greenhouse gases.” 44 Similarly, targeted policies are 3.6 2.2
1.2 1.8
sometimes helpful for addressing instances in which a desirable
reduction activity would not otherwise occur because of a barrier.
For example, although efficiency projects often are economic, the 0.9 1.0
1.1
entity that needs to invest in the reduction activity may not be the
same entity that receives the benefit from the investment (e.g., in
4.1 1.4 14.7
0.5
situations that involve leased equipment).
0.7
Policy impacts: The timing, scope, scale and design of policies to 2.8
support the goals of the Paris Agreement will vary and could have
direct and indirect impacts on the company. Policies can change
Source: S&P Global Commodity Insights, 2022 Crude Oil Market, ihsmarkit.com.
the amount of energy consumed, the rate of energy-demand
growth and the relative economics of one fuel versus another.
Examples include:
Exhibit 37. Virtually all LNG produced crosses borders
• Efficiency improvements are expected to have the largest (mmtpa)
impact on moderating energy-demand growth (e.g., consumers
purchase vehicles, appliances or homes that are more efficient).
Efficiency policies are often some of the most cost-efficient on a 18.7
per-tonne basis. Read more about our actions on efficiency
on page 40. 18.4
15.4
2.9
56.0
• Technology mandates, like renewable fuel and portfolio
standards and EV mandates, can override the economics of 2.6
different energy sources and may change the energy mix. Read
3 .6 5.3 21.6 74.9
56.3
more about our actions on renewables on pages 40 and 45.
4.0
• Carbon pricing and fuel taxes can increase the cost of fossil fuels 29.2 5.7
and can affect the relative economics of the fuel mix. In addition, 83.8
carbon pricing can incentivize the most carbon-efficient
producer of a particular product. Read more about our approach 2.7
to carbon pricing on page 36 and our approach to carbon-
Source: Cedigaz, 2022 LNG Flows, cedigaz.org.
efficient production on page 39.
• Policy design in major demand centers and markets is
increasingly important because of impacts on the relative
economics of fuel choices, particularly for those that trade in
global markets (Exhibits 36 and 37). Carbon border adjustment
mechanisms, which are applied in carbon-pricing programs, and
import requirements under renewable fuels mandates to prevent
offshoring of emissions to other jurisdictions (also known as
“leakage”), can raise the cost of an imported product. Impact is
often tied to the carbon intensity of the product’s production.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
56

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Equilibrium Equilibrium
demand 3 demand 1
Equilibrium
price 3
Margin Equilibrium
price 1
Policy cost
Supply
ecirP
Equilibrium Equilibrium
demand 3 demand 1
Demand Demand
Equilibrium
price 3
Margin Equilibrium
price 1
Policy cost
Supply
Quantity
ecirP
Equilibrium
demand
Demand
Equilibrium
Margin
price
Policy cost
Supply
Previous low-cost producer is
displaced by new low-cost producer
Quantity
ecirP
Equilibrium Equilibrium
demand 2 demand 1
Equilibrium
price 2
Equilibrium
Margin
price 1
Policy cost
Supply
Quantity
ecirP
direct policy cost impact analysis
The extent to which a policy can affect commodity prices and margins depends on the ability to
recover the costs in the marketplace (Exhibits 38–41). Many jurisdictions take this into consideration
in the context of local production and refining trade competitiveness.
Exhibit 38. Policy applied to producer below the marginal Exhibit 39. Policy applied to the marginal producer leads to
producer leads to the least ability to recover costs* some ability to recover costs*
If a policy is applied to a single producer or jurisdiction, If a policy is applied to the marginal producer, the commodity price
the cost can erode margins and may make the supply, can rise to recover a portion of the cost or to the level at which the
refining or sale uncompetitive. next producer becomes the marginal producer, whichever is less.
Demand
Quantity
Exhibit 40. Policy applied to all producers leads to the greatest Exhibit 41. Policy applied to all producers; production efficiency
ability to recover costs* incentivized and leads to the ability to recover more than costs*
If a policy is applied to all producers by the same amount per unit If a policy cost is applied to all producers by the same amount per
of production, the cost of supply rises, thus enabling the greatest tonne of emissions, such as via a performance benchmark, those
cost-recovery potential; however, less total supply is needed. producers with more-efficient production have a greater ability to
recover costs, which may increase margins even though less total
supply is needed. Conversely, less-efficient producers may incur
higher costs and be priced out of the market.
* For illustration only. Not drawn to scale.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
57

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 42. Carbon-pricing mechanisms are in place or under development in 39 national and
33 subnational jurisdictions around the world, in many of which we operate
$48
$91
$48
$33
$91
$ $ 3 9 3 6 $1
$1
$13
$48
$48
$48 $88$96 $1
$1 $13 $5
$48 $48 $88
$6$048 $49 $7 $5 $11
$12$360 $15 $49 $7 $11
$ $ 1 3 2 0 3 $15 $94 $2
$30 $94
$5$2$9
$9
$4 $5
$4 $8 $5
$8 $5 $9
$9
$5 $12
$5 $12
$4
$4
$5
$5
$11
$9$9 $11 $34 $34
EExxiissttiinngg wwiitthh $$33
eessttaabblliisshheedd pprriiccee
UUnnddeerr ddeevveellooppmmeenntt
Source: Chevron analysis: The World Bank, Carbon-Pricing Dashboard, March 2023, carbonpricingdashboard.worldbank.org.
In 2022, more than 50% of our equity direct Canada Federal The government implemented European Union Our Oronite plant in France is
emissions were in regions with existing or a carbon tax of $15/tonne (CAD20) in 2019 regulated under the EU cap-and-trade system
developing carbon-pricing policies. that will increase to $150/tonne (CAD170) in in effect since 2005. Allowance allocations
2030, which may be met with an equivalent are aligned with a performance benchmark to
program at the provincial level. The federal consider the competitiveness of trade-exposed
Australia Our upstream facilities are regulated
price acts as a backstop and is applied in industries. As of March 2023, the price for an
by the federal Safeguard Mechanism in effect
provinces not deemed equivalent to provincial allowance was $96/tonne.
since 2016, which caps facility-level emissions
pricing programs.
and requires emissions above this cap to be Kazakhstan Our joint venture upstream assets
offset, creating an indirect carbon-pricing Alberta Our joint venture upstream assets are regulated under a cap-and-trade policy in
policy. As of March 2023, the price for an offset are subject to the carbon price of $48/tonne effect since 2013. Allowance allocations are
was $11/tonne. (CAD65) in 2023. A performance benchmark aligned with a performance benchmark to
for large emitters was established under consider the competitiveness of trade-exposed
California Our upstream oil assets, refineries,
the Technology Innovation and Emissions industries. As of March 2023, the price for an
and refined gasoline and diesel sales are
Reduction Regulation program in 2020 and is allowance was $1/tonne.
regulated under a cap-and-trade policy in effect
designed to protect trade-exposed industries.
since 2013. In upstream and refining, allowance Singapore Our joint venture refinery and
allocations are aligned with a performance Newfoundland and Labrador Our joint venture Oronite additive facility are subject to a carbon
benchmark to consider competitiveness of assets in Newfoundland and Labrador are tax in effect since 2019. The tax is $4/tonne
trade-exposed industries. Distributors of trans- subject to a performance-based large-emitter for 2023.
portation fuels, natural gas and other fuels have program which is part of a carbon-pricing
South Korea Our joint venture refinery is regu-
been covered since 2015. As of March 2023, the program that tracks the federal program.
lated under a cap-and-trade system in effect
price for an allowance was $30/tonne.
Colombia Our fuel supplies, along with others since 2015. Allowance allocations are aligned
Oregon Our refined gasoline and diesel sales sold in the country, are subject to a carbon with a performance benchmark to consider the
are regulated under the Climate Protection tax in effect since 2017. The tax is $5/tonne competitiveness of trade-exposed industries.
Program in effect since 2022. Allowances are in 2023. The tax liability can be met using As of March 2023, the price for an allowance
allocated free according to cap declining rates; offsets, but the percentage was reduced to was $11/tonne.
emissions above allocated levels can be met 50% starting from 2023. Most developed offset
Others Jurisdictions such as Brazil, Israel
with Community Climate Investment credits, projects are related to reducing emissions from
and Thailand are analyzing or developing
which are set at $123/tonne for 2023. deforestation and forest degradation (REDD+)
carbon-pricing programs. Coverage and other
and hydroelectric. Chevron has participated
Washington Our refined gasoline and diesel details regarding these programs are still under
in this compliance program since its inception
sales are regulated under a cap-and-invest consideration. China’s national emissions
and has purchased 12.3 million tonnes of CO₂e
policy that took effect in 2023. As of March trading scheme started in 2021 but currently
reductions to meet our in-country obligations.
2023, the price for an allowance was $60/tonne. covers only the power sector.
Italics indicates a policy is under development.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
58

=== PAGE BREAK ===

we believe it is a competitive advantage to
already operate in a lower carbon policy environment
We have direct exposure to carbon pricing via our operations in some of these jurisdictions.
We also operate in areas (Exhibit 43) that incentivize low-carbon intensity via GHG regulations
such as low-carbon fuel standards.
biofuels
Australia Renewable-fuel-blending mandates Philippines A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, California A low-carbon fuel mandate, in effect
in the state of New South Wales, in effect since in effect since 2007, applies to all fuel suppliers since 2011, applies to all fuel suppliers and sets
2007, and in the state of Queensland, in effect and requires that volumes of biofuels be blended carbon intensity standards for gasoline, diesel
since 2017, apply to all fuel suppliers and require into gasoline and diesel fuels. and the fuels that replace them.
that volumes of biofuels be blended into diesel
South Korea A renewable-fuel-blending New Mexico Discussion and efforts are underway
and gasoline fuels.
mandate, in effect since 2012, applies to all fuel to establish a clean fuels program.
Colombia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, suppliers and requires that volumes of biodiesel
Oregon A low-carbon fuel mandate has been in
in effect since 2001, applies to all fuel suppliers be blended into diesel fuel.
place since 2016. This is in addition to existing
and requires that volumes of biofuels, if available
Thailand A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, in renewable-fuel-blending mandates applicable to
domestically, be blended into motor fuels.
effect since 2007, applies to all fuel suppliers and all fuel suppliers, in effect since 2009.
Indonesia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, requires that volumes of biofuels, if available, be
Washington A low-carbon fuel mandate went
in effect since 2006, applies to all fuel suppliers blended into gasoline and diesel fuel.
into effect in 2023. This is in addition to existing
and requires that volumes of biofuels be blended
U.S. Federal A renewable-fuel-blending renewable-fuel-blending mandates applicable to
into gasoline and diesel fuel.
mandate, in effect since 2006, requires the all fuel suppliers, in effect since 2008.
Malaysia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, in introduction of increasing volumes of biofuels
Vietnam A renewable-fuel-blending mandate,
effect since 2006, applies to all fuel suppliers and into the U.S. fuel supply. This obligation applies
in effect since 2018, applies to all fuel suppliers
requires that volumes of biofuels be blended into to all refiners and importers of gasoline and
and requires that volumes of ethanol be blended
diesel fuel. diesel fuels.
into gasoline.
methane
Canada Federal Our upstream operations are targets, including the elimination of routine California Our upstream operations are subject
included in existing methane regulations for flaring by 2030 and a 60% reduction in methane to a methane rule that requires LDAR, storage
the oil and gas sector that were developed in emissions from the sector by 2030, relative to a tank controls and controls for other equipment.
2018. In 2022, Environment and Climate Change 2020 baseline. Most requirements have been in effect since 2018
Canada began public consultations on regulatory and apply to both new and existing facilities.
U.S. Federal Our upstream operations are
designs to meet a new goal for sectoral methane
subject to proposed rule revisions to New Source Colorado Our upstream operations are subject
emissions reductions of 75% by 2030 from a 2012
Performance Standards (NSPS) and Mandatory to methane rules that require LDAR, storage tank
baseline. A final rule is expected in 2024.
Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) controls and controls for other equipment. The
Kazakhstan Our upstream operations are Subpart W that will add and modify requirements rules apply to new and existing facilities and have
subject to the Environmental Code, which to new and existing regulated sources. The been in effect since 2014. Updates in 2020 added
includes provisions for the phased adoption proposed NSPS OOOOb will require modifica- emissions monitoring requirements on new flow-
of Best Available Techniques (BAT) across tions to LDAR programs for new and modified back operations. Updates in 2023 added GHG
multiple sectors. In 2022, a draft directory on facilities, among other requirements. The emissions inventory verification requirements.
BAT for oil and gas production was circulated for proposed OOOOc will direct states to implement
New Mexico Our upstream operations are
stakeholder comment. rules on existing sources in the oil and gas sector.
subject to natural gas waste reduction rules
Nigeria Our upstream operations are subject to Our U.S. operations are affected by sections of that establish a statewide enforceable regulatory
the Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act, which directs framework to secure reduction in oil and gas
Commission guidelines for the management the EPA to impose and collect a charge on emissions and prevent the waste of natural gas
of methane and other GHG emissions in methane emissions that exceed segment-specific from new and existing sources, such as targeting
the upstream oil and gas sector, released in thresholds in the domestic natural gas value volatile organic compounds and methane reduc-
November 2022. The guidelines are designed chain, beginning for reporting year 2024. The tions as a co-benefit.
to support Nigeria’s emissions reduction EPA has issued proposed regulation potentially
significantly affecting the GHGRP.
Italics indicates a policy is under development.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
59

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Exhibit 43. From mandatory reporting requirements to renewable portfolio standards to carbon capture chevron supports
regulations, policy-enabled markets are advancing around the world
well-designed climate policy
Norway
United Kazakhstan
Kingdom
China
European
Union
United
California States South Korea
Singapore
Brazil
Australia
United States Brazil United Kingdom Kazakhstan Singapore Australia
Renewable power Carbon capture Renewable power Mandatory reporting Carbon capture Renewable power
• 100% carbon-free and hydrogen • 100% renewable-power • Emissions Trading System and hydrogen • Some state- and territory-
electricity target by 2035 • Exploring CCUS for target by 2035 for facilities with emissions • Low-Carbon Energy level renewable-power
• $369 billion in funding and emissions reduction paired Carbon capture >20k tCO₂ Research Funding Initiative targets of 50%–100% by
incentives for renewable- with blue and green and hydrogen awarded $39 million to 2030
energy and low-carbon hydrogen generation from • $1.3 billion to support China low-carbon hydrogen Carbon capture
initiatives through IRA natural gas and biogas four CCUS clusters and CCUS projects, with and hydrogen
Renewable power
Carbon capture • $145 million to support planned additional funding • Carbon credit units
• Increase wind and solar
• 45Q tax credit expanded European Union hydrogen strategy of $91.7 million awarded to CCS operators,
generation capacity
and extended, providing • Up to $24.3 billion Mandatory reporting where each unit represents
Renewable power to 1,200 gigawatts by
up to $85/t for permanent allocated to fund the • Proposed mandatory 1 tonne CO₂e stored
• 40% renewable-energy 2030, with 25% of total
CO₂ storage and $60/t early deployment of climate-related disclosures, • 106 active planned or
mix target by 2030 energy consumption from
for CO₂ industrial uses CCUS, which includes starting from financial operational hydrogen
Carbon capture renewable sources
Hydrogen a $1.2 billion CCUS year 2025 projects, with 48 more in
and hydrogen Hydrogen
• $7 billion of funding for Infrastructure Fund • Carbon Pricing Act charges the investment pipeline
• $3 billion in public funding • Up to $220 million per
regional hydrogen hubs Mandatory reporting facilities with emissions Mandatory reporting
for CCS and $5.2 billion chosen city to build
Mandatory reporting • Emissions Trading Scheme ≥25k tCO₂e at $3.6/tCO₂e, • Proposed Safeguard
in public funding for hydrogen infrastructure
• SEC has proposed a rule for for industries with which increases to $18 in Mechanism reform
hydrogen and promote fuel cell
climate change disclosure thermal input exceeding 2024 and $33 in 2026 requires heavy emitters
• Up to $41 billion vehicle adoption
• EPA GHGRP requires 20 megawatts (>100k tCO₂e) to cut
innovation fund between • Target fleet of 50,000
facility-level emissions • Green Taxonomy to allow South Korea emissions by 4.9% per year
2020 and 2030 to scale hydrogen-fueled vehicles
reporting for emissions two years of voluntary • Proposed requirement that
up hydrogen and CCUS by 2025 Renewable power
>25k tCO₂e reporting before large, listed entities and
projects and other low- Mandatory reporting • 20% renewable-power
introducing mandatory large financial institutions
carbon technologies • Emissions Trading targets by 2030 and
California reporting disclose climate risks,
Mandatory reporting System for power sector 30%–35% for 2040
• Companies that have commencing with the
Renewable power • Reporting directive for >26k tCO₂e Hydrogen
consumed (in the U.K.) 2024/2025 financial year
• 90% of energy from companies with more than • Roadmap to develop
more than 40,000 • National Greenhouse
renewables target by 2035 250 employees, $39 million hydrogen and fuel cell
kilowatt-hours of energy and Energy Reporting
Carbon capture turnover or $19.4 million economy, with $3 billion
in the reporting period Act covers facilities with
• CCS projects qualify for assets in planned investment
to disclose energy and emissions ≥25k tCO₂e
Low Carbon Fuel Standard • Safety management law
carbon information
credit generation provides legal framework
Hydrogen for government efforts,
Norway
• $2.9 billion zero-emission including subsidies
investment plan includes Carbon capture • $383 million fund to
$90 million for hydrogen • $1.8 billion to support promote development of
infrastructure Longship CCS project the hydrogen industry
• 200 hydrogen refueling Mandatory reporting
stations by 2025 goal • Emissions Trading System
Mandatory reporting for facilities with emissions
• CARB covers facilities with >25k tCO₂e
GHG emissions >10k tCO₂e
• GHG emissions disclosure
and mandatory reporting
on climate-related
financial risks
Source, as modified by Chevron Corporation: consolidation of publicly available information.
Italics indicates a policy is under development.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
60

=== PAGE BREAK ===

chevron supports
well-designed climate policy
Chevron supports the global ambitions of the Paris Agreement and continues to take actions to help lower the carbon intensity of our
operations while continuing to meet the world’s demand for energy. Chevron believes that broad, market-based mechanisms are the most
efficient approach to addressing GHG emissions reductions.
Chevron supports carbon pricing, innovation and efficient policies. Chevron supports:
• Global engagement: Build up an integrated global carbon market Marginal abatement cost curve, promoting carbon
that creates a level playing field and mitigates trade distortions. efficiency at the least cost to society
Incentivizing the lowest-cost abatement on the widest scale possible
(Quantity, tonnes CO₂e)
is critical to mitigating climate change, as it allocates limited resources
as efficiently and effectively as possible to create the greatest
opportunity for success.
• Research and innovation: Support promising pre-commercial
technologies designed to spur innovation and mitigation across all
sectors of the economy. Investments in pre-commercial early-stage
abatement technologies can lead to commercially viable businesses
and ultimately reduce the need for incentives over time.
• Balanced and measured policy: A balanced and measured approach
aims to meet long-term economic, environmental and energy-security
needs; allocates costs in an equitable, gradual and predictable way; and
considers both GHG mitigation and climate change adaptation. Involve
all sectors, technologies and solutions to maximize efficient and cost-
effective reductions and avoid duplicative and inefficient regulations.
• Transparency: Strive for transparency and efficiency in measuring
and driving the lowest-cost emissions reductions. Transparently
communicate policy benefits, costs and trade-offs to the public.
innovation support carbon pricing targeted policies
Investments in pre-commercial early- Carbon pricing should be the primary Direct regulations should be narrowly
stage abatement technologies can lead policy tool to achieve GHG emissions and efficiently targeted to enable cost-
to commercially viable businesses and reduction goals. It incentivizes the most effective lower carbon opportunities not
ultimately reduce the need for incentives efficient and cost-effective emissions addressed by carbon pricing or innova-
over time. reductions when applied broadly across tion policies (e.g., apartment efficiency
the economy while enabling support standards, because the owner pays for
to affected communities, consumers efficiency improvements, but the renter
and businesses. pays the utility bill).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
61

=== PAGE BREAK ===

chevron supports
chevron supports a lifecycle
policy to advance innovation
approach to carbon accounting
and lower carbon solutions
The best decisions are made with reliable data. Pursuing a lower carbon future is no different. The world is not on track
to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement* and needs better data to enable better decisions to advance these goals.
Chevron believes lifecycle analysis (LCA) is a powerful tool to enable data-driven decisions.
A lifecycle approach to carbon accounting facilitates informed decision making throughout the value chain. Also known as
“carbon footprinting,” this accounting approach can be used to quantify the carbon intensity associated with a good or service,
inclusive of both direct and indirect emissions. Such an approach could enable policymakers to drive the most pragmatic policy,
incentivize producers to abate more, inform buyers on making lower carbon choices in a standardized manner and identify more
cost-efficient emissions reduction options.
A lifecycle assessment is a comprehensive method for assessing principles
a range of environmental impacts across the full lifecycle of a
• Relevant: Actual data compared on a common basis enables
product system, from materials acquisition to manufacturing, use
day-to-day decision making.
and final disposition. When focused on carbon emissions, this
approach enables product differentiation by enabling a holistic
• Consistent: Data enable performance comparisons across
comparison of product carbon performance.
suppliers and over time.
Chevron is working within and beyond our sector to help develop
• Accurate: Common set of assurance standards promotes
global standards and guidance to advance carbon accounting as
the reliability of information.
we seek to lead in carbon transparency. Actual data, a standardized
approach to allocating emissions, and single-attribution to avoid
• Complete: Lifecycle summation, inclusive of all relevant
double counting are all needed as the foundation for consistent
emissions, and annual global reconciliation of emissions
carbon accounting.
are achieved.
It is important to assess carbon performance for comparable stages in the lifecycle
Lifecycle emissions are the sum of GHG emissions and removals in a product system expressed as CO₂-equivalents.
lifecycle
production transport manufacturing transport use emissions
+ + + + =
25 5 37 5 420 492†
kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe
* The UN Environment Programme’s Emissions Gap Report 2022, unep.org, shows that the world is not on track to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting global warming to well below 2° C, preferably 1.5° C.
† Illustrative values are based on production and manufacturing values from Chevron’s oil and refining carbon intensities, respectively, as stated on page 66 in Chevron’s GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
table; transport value based on Chevron internal analysis of IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018; end-use value from API, GHG Compendium (2021), api.org.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
62

=== PAGE BREAK ===

chevron supports
policy to advance innovation
and lower carbon solutions
Chevron supports energy policies that incentivize the investment in projects and products that promote new technologies. We believe
carbon pricing should be the primary policy tool to achieve GHG emissions reduction goals. In regions lacking sufficient carbon markets,
government incentives and grants can be useful tools in encouraging a lower carbon future.
If designed properly, incentives, research and innovation, grants,
and public partnerships can be effective policy tools to enable lower carbon
operations and products. Chevron supports:
• A focus on emissions: Public research, development, • Pre-commercial support: To maximize limited public resources
demonstration and deployment should be based on opportunity and minimize harmful market distortions, innovation policy
for scalable emissions reduction, supporting the most promising should focus on advancing emerging technologies so they
pre-commercial opportunities, irrespective of energy source. become commercially scalable without subsidy within a carbon-
pricing program. Incentive-oriented programs should be
• Balanced and transparent government policies: Policy designed with the goal of ultimately enabling technologies and
should be balanced to enable research, development and products to compete without government support.
demonstration of promising technologies while minimizing
market distortions. Policy should be open to participation and • Scalable solutions: Innovation policy should leverage scientific
competition from across sectors and transparent in order to research to advance promising technologies that can offer
build public trust and communicate benefits, costs and trade- scalable economic solutions to climate change. Policy should
offs to the public. aim to drive down costs so these opportunities are commercially
scalable and reduce the need for incentives over time.
incentives research grants and public
and innovation partnerships
We acknowledge and support incentives for We support policies that promote We believe competitive grant programs,
nascent technologies and regions lacking research, development and deployment of public-private partnerships or co-
a viable carbon market. Incentives should technologies to enable scalable solutions, investments in lower carbon technologies
be designed with the intent to create cost drive down costs and improve performance. can be useful tools if designed to be
competitiveness and scalability for lower Investments in pre-commercial technologies competitive, results-oriented, transparent
carbon businesses and reduce the need for can lead to commercially viable businesses and inclusive of appropriate investment
incentives over time. and ultimately reduce the need for incen- terms. Innovation policy grants should focus
tives over time. on advancing emerging and pre-commercial
technologies. Grants for existing commercial
opportunities that distort markets and
create unfair competition should be avoided.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
63

=== PAGE BREAK ===

participating in methane policy
chevron believes that methane management is critical to a lower carbon future and that methane reductions
are possible through adoption of industry best practices, advancement in measurement technologies, carbon
pricing and methane regulations
We support carbon pricing as the primary tool to most efficiently and effectively enable GHG emissions reductions, including methane.
However, carbon pricing requires robust measurement, reporting and verification (MRV) programs to accurately quantify emissions, and
continued advances in methane measurement technologies and protocols are needed. In jurisdictions where MRV programs for methane
are not robust and mature, we continue to engage on and support effective methane regulations as the transitional policy approach.
chevron supports: chevron engages:
• MRV programs: Methodologies need detection technology performance We believe learning from and sharing best practices within the oil and
specifications, measurement protocols and verification to ensure gas industry can help improve industrywide methane management.
consistent quantification and reporting of methane emissions across all We engage policymakers and other entities for knowledge sharing on
covered operators and sectors. Currently, there is greater measurement methane emissions. This includes participation in groups that develop and
uncertainty with methane emissions than with CO₂ emissions. A robust share best practices for methane reduction, such as The Environmental
MRV framework will need to balance the use of emission factors, Partnership in the United States and Insitituto Argentino Del Petroleo Y Del
engineering estimates and advanced technologies. Gas in Argentina, as well as direct feedback on specific policy proposals,
such as in Kazakhstan, Nigeria and the United States.
• Technological innovation: Policy should flexibly incorporate advanced
technologies, such as aerial and drone monitoring, that can detect Additional examples of our engagements include:
and measure methane emissions most effectively, particularly from
• Low Carbon Working Group (LCWG): Chevron participates in
super-emitters that have a disproportionate impact on overall
the LCWG, which hosted the Roundtable on Methane Emission
emissions. Policy frameworks should be based on realistic current
Quantification and Reduction in the Oil and Gas Industry in Kazakhstan.
capabilities of measurement technologies and encourage further
The roundtable included members of government, industry and experts,
technology advancement.
who discussed reduction opportunities.
• All sectors contributing: Improving methane performance is important
• National Petroleum Council (NPC): Chevron is leading a task group
for oil and natural gas, which generate approximately 24% of global
on baseline and expected emissions pathways for a study by the NPC,
methane emissions, and the other sectors that generate the remaining
which is a federal advisory committee for the U.S. Department of
76%. Policy should apply to all key sectors.
Energy, on methane and other GHG emissions reduction opportunities
• Performance-based regulation: When jurisdictions pursue methane for the U.S. natural gas supply chain.
regulations, they should set appropriate methane targets based on
• Global Methane Pledge: Chevron supports efforts like the Global
industry best practices, including reasonable minimum equipment
Methane Pledge to reduce global human-made methane emissions by
standards, while providing flexibility for companies to determine the
at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030. We participated in the Methane
optimal way to meet those targets.
Guiding Principles initiative to develop a policy toolkit for use by the
150 countries that have committed to the effort.
• United States Agency for International Development (USAID): At the
we share our experiences on what
USAID Southeast Asia Smart Power Program workshop on oil and gas
has been effective within our operations methane emissions, we gave a presentation on the current deployment
of methane detection technologies and participated in a capacity-
and are committed to engaging in the
building session on regional needs for methane reduction.
public policy process
• U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA): As part of the Global
Methane Pledge launched at COP26, the U.S. government, through
the USTDA, invited government officials from Algeria, Egypt and
Libya to visit the U.S. to showcase U.S. methane detection technology
and reduction practices. Chevron hosted a field tour in Midland and a
discussion in Houston with the delegates during their visit.
To view our public statements and comment letters, go to
chevron.com/newsroom/media/publications.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
64

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 6
metrics
calculation methodology ........................................................................................................................................................................................... 67
performance data ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 71
climate-related disclosure ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 77
citations ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................78
glossary ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 80
Photo: A worker conducting checks aboard the Agbami floating production,
storage and offloading vessel.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
65

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 6: metrics
increasing transparency by To promote comparability, we map our reporting data to the
relevant SASB and Ipieca frameworks to help provide information
annually reporting metrics and
for investors and other stakeholders. Please note that the
performance data*
references in the index columns are based solely on Chevron’s
interpretation and judgment and do not indicate the application
of definitions, metrics, measurements, standards or approaches
The following data tables compile our greenhouse gas (GHG)
set forth by third-party groups, including the SASB and
emissions and other metrics for environmental performance in
Ipieca frameworks.
alignment with several reporting standards. Due to the overlapping
reporting of GHG emissions across scopes between different
Chevron is also working with peers, stakeholders and voluntary
entities within the same value chain, Chevron’s reporting on
framework developers to foster increasingly consistent and
metrics, targets, aspirations and projections does not preclude
comparable information for investors and other stakeholders.
other entities in the value chain from calculating or reporting
emissions performance associated with Chevron-sold products
We were among the first oil and gas companies to publish a
or services.
report aligned with the TCFD framework in 2018, and this report
constitutes our sixth climate change resilience report. We will
We consider reporting guidelines, indicators and terminology
strive to advance our performance and transparently communicate
in the frameworks of the Sustainability Accounting Standards
progress. As an example of this, see the table below, which tracks
Board (SASB), Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures
annual progress toward our 2028 GHG emissions intensity targets.
(TCFD), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil & Gas
Industry (2020) by Ipieca, the International Association of Oil and
Gas Producers (IOGP) and the American Petroleum Institute (API),
as well as other reporting frameworks, to determine which data
to include in our tables.
GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2028 target
Portfolio carbon intensity (grams CO₂e/megajoule) 1 73.4 72.7 71.4 71.3 71.0 71.0
Upstream carbon intensity 2
Oil intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 37.0 33.3 28.2 28.6 25.2 24.0
Gas intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 34.7 30.4 26.8 28.6 27.5 24.0
Methane intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 2.8 2.4 2.0 2.1 1.9 2.0
Flaring intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 6.3 4.7 3.8 4.3 3.5 3.0
Refining carbon intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 3 34.9 35.9 38.6 37.9 37.0 36.0
* Unless otherwise noted, this section reflects 2022 data collected as of April 11, 2023. All data are reported on an operated basis unless otherwise noted. Data from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. are included
in this section unless otherwise noted. Operated GHG emissions and environmental performance tables include data from Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait
(SAPZ). Traditionally in this report, Chevron has included TCO data as if TCO were operated by Chevron; however, Chevron does not own a controlling interest in, does not operate and does not have the
authority to force implementation of Chevron management systems within TCO. TCO is a separate legal entity operated under the direction of a partnership council that Chevron does not control. Inclusion of
SAPZ data within the operational data is a reflection of alignment to OE reporting and not reflective of the underlying legal structure or governance practices. All restatements are restated against the May 2022
release of the Corporate Sustainability Report (2021). Variations year-on-year or across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes,
economic conditions, and business performance and initiatives. Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or
objectives. See Forward-Looking Statements Warning on page 84 of this report. Numbers in the table may not sum due to rounding.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
66

=== PAGE BREAK ===

calculation methodology
portfolio carbon intensity
grams CO₂e/megajoule
i [(GHG intensity) i * (Energy) i ] – j (Net GHG removals) j
(Energy)
i
Where: (GHG intensity) is the simplified value chain GHG intensity of marketed product , (Net GHG removals)
i i j
is the net GHG emissions stored, or offset, and (Energy) is the energy of the marketed product .
i i
our portfolio carbon intensity methodology
Introduction: The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology is Scope: The PCI is calculated on an annual basis as the weighted-average
designed to facilitate carbon intensity accounting of a company’s portfolio.
GHG intensity of energy delivered across gas, natural gas liquid (NGL), oil,
It uses a representative value chain that includes equity-based emissions
biofuel, hydrogen and lower carbon power products. Carbon removals are
associated with bringing products to market, including the indirect
deducted from total lifecycle emissions estimates.
emissions from use of sold products (Scope 3). The PCI methodology
facilitates transparency in calculations and data with information taken The following energy products (i) are included in the PCI methodology:
from financial statements and emissions disclosures. This approach
• Gas: piped gas, LNG, compressed natural gas and renewable natural gas
enables comparison of companies that may participate in different parts
of the value chain and the use of real data when possible. • Natural gas liquids: NGLs from upstream and refining
• Liquid fuels: crude oil and its refined products (gasoline, diesel, jet
Chevron’s PCI represents the products we sell, including our own
fuel, fuel oil and other petroleum products), ethanol, renewable diesel,
emissions, emissions from third parties and emissions from customer
biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel
use of our products. For Chevron, the volume of emissions produced by
users of our products is larger than our volume of emissions associated • Hydrogen: external sales of hydrogen, including lower carbon hydrogen
with either upstream production or manufacturing. • Lower carbon power: external sales of wind, solar and
geothermal power
Intent: The PCI methodology provides a framework for transparent and
The following removals (j) are included in the PCI methodology
consistent comparisons of the mix of energy products provided by a
calculation:
company and their associated carbon performance, inclusive of elements
of direct emissions (Scope 1), indirect emissions from imported energy • CCUS removes CO₂ either directly from the atmosphere or from streams
(Scope 2), and indirect emissions associated with the value chain and use that would be released to the atmosphere. It does not include CO₂
of sold products (Scope 3). The methodology is broadly applicable to oil produced from naturally occurring reservoirs that is used for enhanced
and gas companies involved in exploration and production, manufacturing oil recovery.
or marketing activities. • High-integrity offsets include nature-based solutions
PCI definition: Estimated energy-weighted average GHG emissions inten sity For traditional hydrocarbon products (gas, NGL and oil), marketed
from a simplified value chain from the production, manufacturing, distribu- volumes are based on the business segment (production, manufacturing
tion and end use of marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered. or marketing) with the largest overall commodity volume, inclusive of all
traded volumes.
Units: Grams of carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule
of energy delivered (g CO₂e/MJ) on a higher-heating-value basis to align Chemicals and other business lines that do not primarily supply energy
with prior frameworks on gas value chain emissions and with heating products are excluded from this calculation.
values commonly used in commercial contracts.†
† Several prior product-intensity frameworks have used lower heating value for
intensity calculations.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
67

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Methodology and data sources Inputs are collected from financial disclosures and public GHG reporting,
with the exception of the biofuels component. Biofuel volumes are
Traditional hydrocarbon products: The intent of the framework is to based on purchase data and production volumes for ethanol, renewable
capture value chain emissions associated with the largest hydrocarbon diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and biodiesel and production volumes
product volume for a company among its production, manufacturing for renewable natural gas in the United States, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
and marketing activities. For all products that a company produces or Philippines, Thailand and Australia. Volumes from international GS
manufactures, the PCI methodology uses the company’s equity GHG Caltex operations in South Korea are assumed to be zero. For 2016–2022,
emissions and corresponding GHG intensity. To estimate the emissions for aggregate biofuel volumes used in the PCI calculation are 60,000, 61,000,
marketed products that the company does not produce or manufacture, 62,000, 68,000, 61,000, 70,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil-equivalent
the PCI methodology uses industry-average segment factors from per day, by respective year. Biofuel carbon intensity values are based on
the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook. Hydrocarbon CARB LCFS default pathway values. For 2016–2022, the weighted-average
transporta tion emissions are estimated in the PCI using IEA World Energy biofuel carbon intensity values used in the PCI calculation were 52, 52, 51,
Outlook estimates for transportation emissions from oil and gas. Emissions 50, 48, 47 and 38 grams carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per
associated with end use of marketed products are based on industry- megajoule, respectively.
standard combustion factors and assume all sold energy products are
combusted, although this is not the case (e.g., plastics and lubricants). CCUS: Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS represent
Exhibit 44 is a depic tion of the value chain approach for the refined- the emissions that would be permanently sequestered underground or
product value chain. utilized in other products with a deduction for supply chain emissions
associated with capture, transport or storage. CCUS projects that reduce
Biofuels, hydrogen and lower carbon power: GHG emissions are direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions from imported energy
calculated based on lifecycle assessment data and the energy provided (Scope 2) would reduce the production, manufacturing or other sectoral
by Chevron in the most recent year. Lifecycle assessment data sources intensity and would not be double-counted as removals; for example,
include California Air Resources Board (CARB) Low Carbon Fuel Standard CO₂ captured by an integrated CCS plant would already be accounted for
(LCFS) Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities for similar feedstocks and in the facility’s direct emissions (Scope 1) intensity.
pathways, a Hydrogen Council report on a lifecycle assessment for
hydrogen pathways, and harmonized lifecycle assessments of electricity Offsets: Offsets that are retired by the company or on behalf of customers
generation from the (U.S.) National Renewable Energy Laboratory and for use of product provided by the company.
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Working Group 1.
Improvements over time: Methodologies and emissions factors may
The model does not adjust for the energy efficiency gains associated be updated in future years to reflect additional information or data that
with some applications of electricity and hydrogen relative to existing become available. For example, updates may include updated industry
hydrocarbon infrastructure. For example, CARB estimates that energy averages, primary data from third-party producers and refiners, and
provided as electricity to an electric vehicle is 3.4 times more efficient adjustments to energy efficiency assumptions, if warranted, based on the
than energy provided by gasoline to an internal combustion engine. end-use applications for volumes of energy marketed by the company.
Model updates could be made in the future, if supported by the end use
of electricity or hydrogen products. A PCI calculator is available on our website and can be used by
integrated energy providers and specialized value chain participants
to compare energy companies’ carbon intensities. To access the PCI
calculator, visit chevron.co/chart-generator.
Exhibit 44. PCI approach for the refined-product value chain
Activity Production Transportation Refining Transportation End use
% of total 15% < 1% 10% < 1% 75%
Company
data
Industry-
average
data
Illustrative percentages are based on data from Chevron’s PCI calculator; Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI)’s Oil Climate Index plus Gas, “Profiling Supply Chain Emissions,” April 2023,
ociplus.rmi.org/supply-chain; and IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
68

=== PAGE BREAK ===

upstream carbon intensity
kilograms CO₂e/boe
Upstream carbon intensity (UCI) includes emissions intensity metrics for oil production, gas production,
flaring and methane. Chevron’s UCI metrics are equity-based, which means that they include our pro rata
share of emissions both from the assets that Chevron operates and from our nonoperated joint ventures.
The metrics reflect commodity basis to align with end use and enable value chain reporting.
upstream oil intensity
( )
Indirect emissions associated Emissions associated Allocated to liquids
Direct emissions
+ with imported electricity – with exported electricity on a production
(Scope 1)
and steam (Scope 2) and steam basis (boe)
Net production of liquids
upstream gas intensity
( )
Indirect emissions associated Emissions associated Allocated to gas
Direct emissions
+ with imported electricity – with exported electricity on a production
(Scope 1) and steam (Scope 2) and steam basis (boe)
Net production of gas (including LNG and GTL)
upstream flaring intensity
Direct flaring emissions as CO₂e (Scope 1)
Net production of gas and liquids (including LNG and GTL)
upstream methane intensity
Direct methane emissions as CO₂e (Scope 1)
Net production of gas and liquids (including LNG and GTL)
Emissions reported are net (Scope 1 and 2). The emissions included in the metrics generally represent Chevron’s equity share of emissions from upstream, including LNG and GTL facilities, which are emissions
from operated and nonoperated joint venture assets based on Chevron’s financial interest. For reporting, Chevron includes certain indirect sources of GHG emissions within direct emissions that are outside of
the traditional Scope 1 definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, and tolling agreements up to the point of third-party custody transfer of the oil or gas product. For oil and
gas production intensity metrics, production is aligned with net production values reported in the Chevron Corporation Supplement to the Annual Report, which represent the company’s equity share of total
production after deducting both royalties paid to landowners and a government’s agreed-upon share of production under a production sharing agreement. Chevron’s equity-share emissions include emissions
associated with these excluded royalty barrels in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance. Also in accordance with the Ipieca Guidance, Chevron’s equity-share emissions do not include emissions associated with
royalty payments received by the company. Allocation of emissions between oil and gas is based on the fraction of production represented by liquids or gas. Flaring and methane intensities use the total of liquids
and gas production. Oil and gas production intensities use liquids production and natural gas production, respectively.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
69

=== PAGE BREAK ===

refining carbon intensity
kilograms CO₂e/boe
The refining carbon intensity (RCI) metric provides a measure of GHG released during the transformation
of raw materials into refined products. RCI is throughput-based and includes GHG emissions from
Chevron’s own refining operations and estimates of emissions associated with third-party processing of
imported feedstocks such as hydrogen.*† Throughput includes net crude and other feedstocks (including
bio-based feedstocks). Scope includes crude refineries, biorefineries and co-processing facilities.‡
The metric is on an equity basis.
( )
Refinery direct Refinery indirect GHG emissions Third-party processing emissions Emissions associated
GHG emissions + associated with imported + associated with imported – with exported electricity
(Scope 1) electricity and steam (Scope 2) feedstocks* (a type of Scope 3) and steam
Crude + Other feedstocks, including bio-based feedstocks
* Emissions from third-party processing of imported feedstocks are estimated using infor mation including supplier data, industry segment averages and engineering estimates. Emissions included in the
calculation represent refinery processing only and do not include terminals or chemical, additive, base oil and lubricant facilities not integrated into a refinery. Feedstocks include hydrogen and intermediate
products that will be further refined or used in conversion units. Feedstocks do not include natural gas used as fuel or products intended solely for blend ing into finished products. Feedstocks are assessed
on a net basis (imports minus exports).
† Emissions associated with the production of hydrogen can account for 25% of total refinery emissions, and more than half of the hydrogen used in U.S. refining is imported from a third party. (“Available
and Emerging Technologies for Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions from the Petroleum Refinery Industry,” US EPA Office of Air and Radiation 2010 and U.S. Energy Information Administration, EIA-820
Annual Refinery Report and EIA-810 Refinery and Blender Net Input).
‡ Chevron’s 2022 RCI metric excludes biorefineries acquired from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. in June 2022. The 2023 RCI metric is expected to include these biorefineries.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
70

=== PAGE BREAK ===

equity emissions
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 SASB ipieca
direct GHG emissions (scope 1) 4, 5, 6, 7
direct GHG emissions (scope 1) – all GHGs
66 62 54 57 53 CCE4: C1/A1
(million tonnes CO₂e)
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 8 28 27 23 23 18 EM-EP-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 25 24 21 20 16
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 9 0.10 0.10 0.08 0.08 0.07
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 9 2.5 2.4 2.1 2.1 1.8
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Upstream flaring (subset of Scope 1) – all GHGs
5 5 4 4 3 EM-EP-110a.2 CCE7: C4
(million tonnes CO₂e)
CO₂ (million tonnes) 5 4 3 4 3
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 9 0.02 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 9 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.2
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Volume of flares (mmscf) 10 70,000 60,000 50,000 50,000 40,000 CCE7: A1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 2 1 1 1 1 EM-MD-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 2 1 1 1 1
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 9 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 9 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 20 19 18 20 20 EM-RM-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 20 19 18 19 19
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.2
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) – all GHGs
9 8 7 8 9 EM-EP-110a.2 CCE4: C3
(million tonnes CO₂e)
CO₂ (million tonnes) 9 8 7 8 8
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.5 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.3
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12, 13 5 5 4 4 4 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 5 5 4 4 4
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 2 1 1 1 1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 2 1 1 1 1
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
equity emissions table continues on page 72
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
71

=== PAGE BREAK ===

equity emissions, cont.
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 SASB ipieca
emissions associated with exported electricity and
steam – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15 1 1 1 1 < 1 CCE4: C3/A6
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 8 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12, 13 0 0 0 0 0
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 1 1 < 1 1 < 1
indirect GHG emissions from imported energy
(scope 2) 4, 6, 7, 16
indirect GHG emissions from imported energy
3 2 4 4 4 CCE4: C2/C3
(scope 2) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 8 1 1 1 1 1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 1 1 1 1 1
LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12, 13 < 1 < 1 1 1 1
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
indirect GHG emissions (scope 3) 17 CCE4: A2
Category 11 use of sold products – production method –
396 412 412 408 391
all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
Category 11 use of sold products – throughput method –
380 382 372 389 391
all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
Category 11 use of sold products – sales
628 639 583 611 668
method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
third-party verification 18
Assurance level Limited Limited Limited Limited Reasonable
Assurance provider ERM CVS ERM CVS ERM CVS DNV DNV
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
72

=== PAGE BREAK ===

operated emissions
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 SASB ipieca
direct GHG emissions (scope 1) 4, 5, 6
direct GHG emissions (scope 1) – all GHGs
68 63 56 57 53 CCE4: C1/A1
(million tonnes CO₂e)
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 35 34 30 29 24 EM-EP-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 32 31 28 26 22
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 9 0.14 0.12 0.11 0.12 0.09
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 9 3.5 3.0 2.7 3.0 2.3
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Upstream flaring (subset of Scope 1) – all GHGs
9 8 6 7 4 EM-EP-110a.2 CCE7: C4
(million tonnes CO₂e)
CO₂ (million tonnes) 8 7 5 6 4
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 9 0.03 0.02 0.02 0.02 0.01
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 9 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.5 0.3
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Volume of flares (mmscf) 10 130,000 100,000 90,000 100,000 60,000 CCE7: A1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 2 1 1 1 1 EM-MD-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 2 1 1 1 1
CH₄ (million tonnes CH₄) 8 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01 < 0.01
CH₄ (million tonnes CO₂e) 8 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 15 14 14 15 14 EM-RM-110a.1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 15 14 14 14 14
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.2
LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 13 11 9 11 12 EM-EP-110a.2 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 12 11 9 11 12
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0.8 0.4 0.3 0.5 0.5
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 2 1 1 1 1 CCE4: C3
CO₂ (million tonnes) 2 1 1 1 1
CH₄ and other GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1 < 0.1
Indicates restatement of data from 2021 reporting. operated emissions table continues on page 74
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
73

=== PAGE BREAK ===

operated emissions, cont.
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 SASB ipieca
emissions associated with exported electricity
and steam – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 15 1 1 1 1 < 1 CCE4: C3/A6
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12 0 0 0 0 0
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 1 1 < 1 1 < 1
indirect GHG emissions from imported energy
(scope 2) 4, 6, 16
indirect GHG emissions from imported energy
2 1 1 2 1 CCE4: C2/C3
(scope 2) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
Upstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 1 1 1 1 1
Midstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
Downstream – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 11 1 < 1 < 1 1 1
LNG – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 0 0 0 0 0
Chemicals – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 12 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
Other – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 14 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1
indirect GHG emissions (scope 3) 17 CCE4: A2
Category 11 use of sold products –
617 622 588 621 592
production method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
Category 11 use of sold products –
406 411 392 450 442
throughput method – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e)
GHG mitigation
Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) –
< 1 1 3 1 1 CCE3: A6
all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 19
Renewable Energy Credits (RECs for indirect
0 < 1 < 1 < 1 < 1 CCE3: A7
emissions) – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 20
Offsets – all GHGs (million tonnes CO₂e) 21 3 1 2 13 10
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
74

=== PAGE BREAK ===

operated other environmental metrics
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 SASB ipieca
energy efficiency CCE6
Total energy consumption, operated assets and
940 916 851 859 784 CCE6: C1
nonoperated joint venture refineries (trillion BTUs) 22
Total energy consumption, operated assets
and nonoperated joint venture refineries 992 967 898 906 828 CCE6: C1
(million gigajoules) 22
Total energy consumption, operated assets
778 758 701 703 626 CCE6: C1
(trillion BTUs) 22
Total energy consumption, operated assets
821 800 739 741 661 CCE6: C1
(million gigajoules) 22
Manufacturing Energy Index (Refining) 23 85 85 88 88 92 CCE6: A4
Upstream Energy Intensity (thousand BTUs
358 362 341 306 255 CCE6: A2
per barrel of oil-equivalent) 24
Pipeline Energy Intensity
10 8 10 10 10 CCE6: A2
(BTUs per barrel of oil-equivalent-mile) 25
Shipping Energy Intensity (BTUs per metric ton-mile) 75 70 69 60 58 CCE6: A2
Non-Manufacturing Energy Index 26 74 67 71 65 67 CCE6: A3
water management 27
water withdrawn 28 ENV1
Fresh water withdrawn (million cubic meters) 71 70 63 67 63 ENV1: C1
Fresh water consumed (million cubic meters) 70 69 62 66 62 EM-EP-140a.1 ENV1: C2
Nonfresh water withdrawn (million cubic meters) 39 45 34 33 33 ENV1: A4
Fresh water withdrawn in regions with high or EM-EP-140a.1
0 0 0 19 24 ENV1: C4
extremely high baseline water stress (%) 29, 30 EM-RM-140a.1
Fresh water consumed in regions with high or EM-EP-140a.1
0 0 0 19 25 ENV1: C4
extremely high baseline water stress (%) 29, 30 EM-RM-140a.1
Indicates restatement of data from 2021 reporting.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
75

=== PAGE BREAK ===

notes to pages 66 through 75
1 See Calculation Methodology, Portfolio Carbon Intensity, pages 67–68. 18 For assurance statements, visit chevron.co/GHGassurance-library. Figures
in assurance statements may vary from figures reported in each subsequent
2 See Calculation Methodology, Upstream Carbon Intensity, page 69.
Corporate Sustainability Report due to restatements and assurance scope.
3 See Calculation Methodology, Refining Carbon Intensity, page 70. 2022 assurance excludes Renewable Energy Group, Inc. and Chevron Phillips
Chemical Company, LLC data.
4 Unless otherwise noted, Scope 1 and Scope 2 data collected as of February 9,
2023. Data include estimates. 19 Carbon capture, utilization and storage includes both CO₂ sold to third parties
and CO₂ (and other gas) injected for carbon storage.
5 Scope 1 includes direct emissions. For reporting, Chevron includes indirect sources
of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 20 RECs are credits generated from renewable electricity generation within the
definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, United States that are retired by Chevron. Reported Scope 2 emissions are net
and tolling agreements up to the point of third-party custody transfer of the of contractual instruments such as RECs.
oil or gas product. Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the
21 Offsets are credits generated from the avoidance or reduction of GHG emissions
form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in
or the removal of GHGs from the atmosphere that are retired by Chevron,
the reported Scope 1 emissions to align with Ipieca’s Sustainability Reporting
excluding RECs. Includes offsets retired in compliance programs. For programs
Guidance for the Oil & Gas Industry (2020). Chevron’s Scope 1 includes emissions
with multiyear compliance periods, offsets are reported in the calendar year they
of six Kyoto GHGs – carbon dioxide (CO₂), methane (CH₄), nitrous oxide (N₂O),
are retired.
sulfur hexafluoride, perfluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons, as well as nitrogen
trifluoride (NF₃). 22 Total Energy Consumption includes energy generated from Chevron’s operations
and imported energy. Exported energy is not subtracted from the total.
6 Calculation methods for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are based on the
American Petroleum Institute’s Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions 23 Manufacturing Energy Index (MEI) (Refining) is an analysis of Chevron’s refining
Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021) or, where relevant, energy performance based on the Solomon Energy Intensity Index methodology.
local regulatory reporting methodologies. Chevron’s MEI includes the refining assets at Chevron’s operated and nonoperated
joint venture refineries. Energy consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc.
7 When a nonoperated joint venture (NOJV) provides consolidated emissions
is not included in this metric.
data, Chevron seeks to allocate its equity share of those emissions to the
most representative scope and GHG based on best available knowledge of 24 2022 Upstream Energy Intensity reflects continued updates to Chevron’s
the NOJV’s operations. calculation methodology.
8 Consistent with our financial accounting, Venezuela NOJV emissions are not 25 Pipeline Energy Intensity covers assets operated by Chevron Pipe Line Company.
included for 2022 emissions reporting.
26 Chevron’s Non-Manufacturing Energy Index includes operations from Chevron’s
9 We provide methane emissions data and intensity performance as a mass chemicals and additives, products and services, and lubricants businesses. It
of methane as well as a mass of CO₂e. To convert from methane to CO₂e, we reflects the energy required to produce Chevron’s products compared with the
use the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fourth Assessment energy that would have been required to produce the same products in 1992 (the
Report (AR4) 100-year global warming potential (GWP), except for some index’s base year). Energy consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not
business units for which we utilize GWP values from IPCC’s Fifth Assessment included in this metric.
Report and IPCC’s Sixth Assessment Report in accordance with local reporting
27 Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in water management or
requirements. Although we strive to provide consistent data from our operated
wastewater metrics.
and nonoperated assets, some nonoperated assets may provide their data only
on a CO₂e basis. Given the common industry practice of using the AR4 100-year 28 Fresh water withdrawn from the environment is defined per local legal definitions.
GWP, we have assumed that nonoperated assets that did not provide methane If no local definition exists, fresh water is defined as water extracted, directly
mass data use a 100-year GWP of 25. We continue to work with our joint venture or indirectly, from surface water, groundwater or rainwater that has a total
partners to provide information on a standardized basis to increase transparency. dissolved solids concentration of less than or equal to 2,000 mg/L. Fresh
water withdrawn does not include effluent or recycled/reclaimed water from
10 Where flaring emissions are calculated based on mass or reported in aggregate,
municipal or other industrial wastewater treatment systems, as this water is
volumes are not included.
reported under nonfresh water withdrawn. Nonfresh water withdrawn could
11 Downstream includes emissions from refineries, terminals, marketing and include: seawater; brackish groundwater or surface water; reclaimed wastewater
distribution, including renewable fuels. Chemical and base oil facilities located from another municipal or industrial facility; desalinated water; or remediated
within refineries are included in refinery emissions. groundwater used for industrial purposes. Produced water is excluded from
fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed and nonfresh water withdrawn.
12 Chemicals includes emissions from stand-alone chemical, additive and lubricant
Water quantities may be determined using direct measurement techniques or
facilities.
engineering estimation methods.
13 Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem.com) data received
29 Chevron reports fresh water withdrawn and consumed in water-stressed
April 4, 2023.
regions according to the World Resources Institute’s definition and
14 Other emissions include GHG emissions from Corporate Aviation, Chevron categorization of “baseline water stress.” WRI Aqueduct map version 3.0 was
Environmental Management Company, energy management and power from used to identify water-stressed areas. Baseline water stress measures the
Chevron Pipeline and Power, and the North American Data Center. ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater
supplies. Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, irrigation and
15 Exported emissions are direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in
livestock consumptive and nonconsumptive uses. Available renewable water
the form of electricity or steam that are exported or sold to a third party. Direct
supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive water users and
GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam
large dams on downstream water availability. Higher values indicate more
exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions
competition among users.
for each segment.
16 Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from imported electricity and steam.
Chevron’s fresh water withdrawn and consumed in high and extremely high water
stress areas excludes Chevron’s Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron
CO₂, CH₄ and N₂O are accounted for in Chevron’s Scope 2 emissions. Scope 2
Environmental Management Company. Freshwater withdrawals for the Fuels and
emissions are accounted for using the market-based approach as described in the
Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company are
World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015), including
minimal (1% of the total) compared with the overall use in the corporation. For
calculating Scope 2 emissions net of contractual instruments such as renewable
purposes of this reporting, Chevron categorizes all of the water withdrawn and
energy credits (RECs).
consumed by Chevron’s Mid-Continent business unit as being in a high-stress or
17 Chevron calculates emissions from third-party use of sold products in alignment extremely high-stress region.
with methods in Category 11 of Ipieca’s Estimating Petroleum Industry Value Chain
(Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions (2016). Emissions are based on aggregate 30 Freshwater use in water-stressed areas increased in 2022 due to completion
activity increases.
production, throughput and sales numbers that include renewable fuels.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
76

=== PAGE BREAK ===

climate-related disclosure
Chevron recognizes climate change is a growing area of interest and where the relevant information can be found in this report.
for our stakeholders, including investors. The table below shows Further information can be found in Chevron’s Methane Report
how the disclosures in this report align with the recommendations (2022), Climate Change Resilience reports and Corporate
of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Sustainability reports. For Chevron’s latest reports, see our
Financial Disclosures, as the TCFD has described the categories, reports and publications center.
report
TCFD recommendation* disclosure
section
governance
Disclose the organization’s (a) Describe the board’s governance around potential Board oversight 1.1
governance around potential climate-related risks and opportunities. Public Policy and Sustainability Committee 1.1.1
climate-related risks and Other Board-level committees 1.1.2–1.1.4
opportunities. Director qualifications and nominating process 1.1.4
(b) D escribe management’s role in assessing and Executive management of climate risks 1.2
managing potential climate-related risks
Organizational capability on energy transition 1.3
and opportunities.
strategy
Disclose the actual and (a) D escribe the potential climate-related risks and Chevron’s strategic and business planning 3
potential impacts of opportunities the organization has identified processes
over the short, medium and long terms.
climate-related risks and
opportunities on the (b) D escribe the impact of potential climate-related risks Chevron’s strategic and business planning processes 3
organization’s businesses, and opportunities on the organization’s businesses,
Portfolio 4
strategy and financial strategy and financial planning.
planning where such (c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, Stress-testing our portfolio under 2.2.6
information is material. taking into consideration different climate-related the IEA NZE Scenario
scenarios, including a 2° C or lower scenario.
risk management
Disclose how the (a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying Physical risks 2.1
organization identifies, and assessing potential climate-related risks. Transition risks 2.2
assesses and manages
(b) D escribe the organization’s processes for Physical risks 2.1
potential climate- managing potential climate-related risks.
Transition risks 2.2
related risks.
(c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and Risk management 2
managing potential climate-related risks are integrated
into the organization’s overall risk management.
metrics and targets
Disclose the metrics and (a) D isclose the metrics used by the organization to assess Advancing energy progress page 4
targets used to assess potential climate-related risks and opportunities in
line with its strategy and risk management process. Assessing performance on a lifecycle basis 5.1
and manage potential
climate-related risks and
(b) D isclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Metrics 6
opportunities where such Scope 3 GHG emissions estimates and the potential
information is material. related risks.
(c) D escribe the targets used by the organization Advancing energy progress page 4
to manage potential climate-related risks and
opportunities and performance against targets.
* See Section 7: About This Report.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
77

=== PAGE BREAK ===

citations
section 1
1 Chevron Corp., 2022 annual report on form 10-K, chevron.com/investors/financial-information#secfilings.
section 2
2 Richters, O. et al., NGFS climate scenarios data set, phase 3 scenario explorer, 2022, data.ene.iiasa.ac.at/ngfs//#/workspace.
3 International Energy Agency (IEA), World energy outlook 2022, p. 21, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
4 Ibid., p. 338.
section 3
5 IEA, Defining energy access: 2020 methodology, October 2020, iea.org/articles/defining-energy-access-2020-methodology; The World Bank and the World Health
Organization, Measuring energy access: a guide to collecting data using the core questions on household energy use, October 2021, LSMS Guidebook Washington, D.C.:
World Bank Group.
6 U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), International energy outlook 2021 with projections to 2050 (narrative), October 2021, p. 12, eia.gov/outlooks/ieo/pdf/
IEO2021_Narrative.pdf; IEA, World energy outlook 2022, p. 239, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
7 EIA, Natural gas explained, eia.gov/energyexplained/natural-gas/use-of-natural-gas.php.
8 Ibid.
9 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, p. 59, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
10 UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), Paris Agreement, 2015, p. 3, unfccc.int/sites/default/files/english_paris_agreement.pdf.
11 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, p. 107, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
12 IPCC, Summary for policymakers in: Global warming of 1.5 °C, an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels and related
global greenhouse gas emission pathways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to
eradicate poverty, 2018, p. 17, ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/sites/2/2022/06/SPM_version_report_LR.pdf.
13 Ibid.
14 IEA, Energy technology perspectives 2020, iea.org/reports/energy-technology-perspectives-2020; IPCC, Special report: global warming of 1.5 °C, 2018, ipcc.ch/sr15/.
15 IPCC, Summary for policymakers in: Climate change 2022: mitigation of climate change, 2022, p. 28, ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg3/downloads/report/IPCC_AR6_WGIII_SPM.pdf.
16 Global CCS Institute, Carbon removal with CCS technologies, January 2021, p. 4, globalccsinstitute.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/Carbon-Removal-with-CCS-
Technologies.pdf.
17 Global CCS Institute, Global status of CCS 2022, March 2023, status22.globalccsinstitute.com/2022-status-report/global-status-of-ccs/; Greenhouse Gas Protocol,
Land sector and removals guidance, ghgprotocol.org/land-sector-and-removals-guidance; United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC),
Article 6.4 mechanism supervisory body on carbon markets achieves important progress, September 2022, unfccc.int/news/article-64-mechanism-supervisory-body-
on-carbon-markets-achieves-important-progress.
18 U.S. Office of Energy & Renewable Energy, Hydrogen shot, energy.gov/eere/fuelcells/hydrogen-shot; IEA, World energy outlook 2022, pp. 164, 369, 384, iea.org/
reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
19 IEA, Towards hydrogen definitions based on their emissions intensity, April 2023, iea.org/reports/towards-hydrogen-definitions-based-on-their-emissions-intensity,
License: CC BY 4.0.
20 BloombergNEF (BNEF), Lithium-ion battery pack prices rise for first time to an average of $151/kWh, December 2022, about.bnef.com/blog/
lithium-ion-battery-pack-prices-rise-for-first-time-to-an-average-of-151-kwh.
21 McKinsey & Company, The race to decarbonize electric-vehicle batteries, February 2023, mckinsey.com/industries/automotive-and-assembly/our-insights/
the-race-to-decarbonize-electric-vehicle-batteries.
22 Argonne National Laboratory, GREET model fuel specifications, 2022, greet.anl.gov; Advanced automotive battery conference (AABC) for Li-ion battery performance,
2018, with Chevron internal compilations.
23 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A); BNEF scenarios (2022);
Wood Mackenzie scenarios (2022); S&P Global Commodity Insights scenarios (2022).
24 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, pp. 51, 149–150, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
25 IEA, Oil market report – December 2022, iea.org/reports/oil-market-report-december-2022.
26 IEA, Oil market report – March 2023, iea.org/reports/oil-market-report-march-2023.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
78

=== PAGE BREAK ===

27 IEA, Change in upstream oil and natural gas investment, 2019-2022, iea.org/data-and-statistics/charts/change-in-upstream-oil-and-natural-gas-investment-2019-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0.
28 Al-Fattah, S., Non-OPEC conventional production: decline analysis, implications and outlook (April 4, 2019), Available at SSRN: ssrn.com/abstract=3378011.
29 Energy Institute, Statistical review of world energy 2023, 72nd Edition, pp. 37–38, energyinst.org/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/1055542/EI_Stat_Review_PDF_
single_3.pdf.
30 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, p. 372, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
31 National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), Life cycle greenhouse gas emissions from electricity generation: update, 2021, p. 3, nrel.gov/docs/fy21osti/80580.pdf.
32 International Energy Forum and S&P Global, Oil refining industry insights, stretched sector fuels market volatility, September 2022, pp. 3, 5, ief.org/_resources/files/
news/stretched-sector-fuels-market-volatility/ief-sp-global-downstream-investment-outlook---vf.pdf.
33 EIA, EIA forecasts U.S. refinery utilization to average more than 90% in 2023 and 2024, February 2023, eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=55499.
34 IEA, World energy outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
35 Ibid., p. 452.
36 International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association (Ipieca), Ipieca sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry, 2020, rev. 2023,
p. 3.12, ipieca.org/work/sustainability/performance-reporting/sustainability-reporting-guidance.
section 4
37 For natural gas, avoided emissions are estimated only for the portion of natural gas used in power globally (37% in 2021) and it is assumed coal is the displaced
competing alternative power source (i.e., if power had not been generated by natural gas, it would have been generated from coal). The 37% number is based on
Chevron analysis of the IEA’s World energy balances.
section 5
38 Gibassier, D., El Omari, S. and Naccache, P. (2020), “Institutional work in the birth of a carbon accounting profession,” Accounting, Auditing & Accountability Journal,
Vol. 33 No. 6, pp. 1447–1476, emerald.com/insight/content/doi/10.1108/AAAJ-12-2014-1912.
39 International Emissions Trading Association (IETA), University of Maryland, and Carbon-Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC), The economic potential of Article 6 of the
Paris Agreement and implementation challenges, September 2019, ieta.b-cdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/IETAA6_CLPCReport_2019.pdf.
40 U.S. Office of Energy & Renewable Energy, Energy efficiency: buildings and industry, energy.gov/eere/energy-efficiency-buildings-and-industry; IEA, Multiple
benefits of energy efficiency, iea.org/reports/multiple-benefits-of-energy-efficiency/energy-prices; IEA, World energy outlook 2022, pp. 246, 290, 345–346,
393, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A); U.S. Wind Energy Technology Office, Experts predict
50% lower wind costs than they did in 2015, energy.gov/eere/wind/articles/experts-predict-50-lower-wind-costs-they-did-2015-0; OECD, The World Bank and
UN Environment, Financing climate futures, rethinking infrastructure, policy highlights, 2018, p. 6, oecd.org/environment/cc/climate-futures/policy-highlights-financing-
climate-futures.pdf.
41 World Bank Group, State and trends of carbon pricing 2023, May 2023, hdl.handle.net/10986/39796, License: CC BY 3.0 IGO.
42 IETA, University of Maryland, and CPLC, The economic potential of Article 6 of the Paris Agreement and implementation challenges, September 2019, ieta.b-cdn.net/
wp-content/uploads/2023/09/IETAA6_CLPCReport_2019.pdf.
43 UNFCC, About carbon pricing, unfccc.int/about-us/regional-collaboration-centres/the-ciaca/about-carbon-pricing.
44 Breakthrough Energy, The green premium, October 2022, breakthroughenergy.org.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
79

=== PAGE BREAK ===

glossary
definition of selected energy terms Flaring The controlled burning of gas, including associated gas, in the
course of oil and gas operations. In many types of operations, including
Avoided emissions The reduction in GHG emissions associated with a those where gas is sold, reinjected or otherwise utilized, safety flaring can
product or service relative to alternatives. be an important and necessary activity to ensure safe operations. The
combustion efficiency of a well-designed and operated flare is generally
Barrels of oil-equivalent (boe) A unit of measure to quantify crude oil,
assumed to be greater than 98%, meaning that less than 2% of the gas
natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the same basis. Natural
passes through the flare stack unburnt. At the individual flare level, local
gas volumes are converted to barrels on the basis of energy content.
parameters, such as gas content and quality, flare design, flow rates, exit
Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) The process of capturing velocities and steam use, contribute to overall combustion efficiency.
carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a feedstock (utilization) There are currently no straightforward methods to continuously measure
or permanently storing them in geological formations deep underground or monitor the actual combustion efficiency or destruction and removal
(storage). efficiency of a flare.
Carbon efficiency The extent to which a given level of output is produced Gas-to-liquids (GTL) A process that converts natural gas into high-quality
with fewer carbon emissions relative to average output. liquid transportation fuels and other products.
Carbon footprint (of product) Sum of greenhouse gas emissions Hydrogen, lower carbon intensity (LCI) hydrogen LCI hydrogen includes
and greenhouse gas removals in a product system expressed as specified hydrogen production pathways like steam methane reforming
CO₂-equivalents based on a lifecycle assessment using the simple impact with carbon capture and storage and electrolysis with lower carbon power.
category of climate change. A carbon footprint can represent the complete
Lifecycle analysis/assessment (LCA) A tool that can be used to evaluate
lifecycle of a product or a partial lifecycle based on selected lifecycle
the potential environmental impacts of a product, material, process or
stages (sometimes referred to as a “partial carbon footprint”).
activity. An LCA is a comprehensive method for assessing a range of
Carbon intensity The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon dioxide- environmental impacts across the full lifecycle of a product system, from
equivalent (CO₂e) per unit of measure. materials acquisition to manufacturing, use and final disposition.
Combustion The combustion of gas in fuel-burning equipment is not 100% Liquefied natural gas (LNG) Natural gas that is liquefied under extremely
efficient, and some methane emissions occur as a result of uncombusted cold temperatures to facilitate storage or transportation in specially
gas being released via the equipment exhaust stream. The uncombusted designed vessels.
proportion of gas varies between internal and external combustion sources
Lower carbon A term describing environments, technologies, business
(engines, turbines, heaters and boilers); therefore, equipment-specific data
sectors, markets, energy sources and mixes of energy sources, including
or emission factors are typically used for emissions quantification.
traditional energy sources, among other things, characterized by or
Decarbonization Generally refers to the process of stopping or reducing enabling the reduction of carbon emissions or carbon intensities.
release of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, into the atmos-
Lower carbon energy Energy sources and mixes of energy sources,
phere as the result of a process. For Chevron, decarbonization can refer to
including traditional energy sources, that, in their production and use, emit
reducing absolute emissions or reducing the carbon intensity of a process
less carbon emissions or have lower carbon intensity than other forms.
or asset.
Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas Oil, natural gas and
Detection threshold The minimum quantity or concentration of a gas
hydrocarbon-based products that are produced and sold to customers
(e.g., methane) that is reliably detectable by detection equipment. This is
with a carbon intensity below that of traditional oil, natural gas and
sometimes called minimum detection limit. Detection limits can vary based
hydrocarbon-based products.
on the type of technology selected as well as the conditions during the
measurement period. Methane intensity The amount of methane per unit of measure. Methane
intensity can be determined for a facility (e.g., compressor station), an area
Emission factor A numerical factor relating activity data (e.g., tonnes
(e.g., production basin) or even an entire value chain (e.g., from natural gas
of fuel consumed, tonnes of product produced or number of pneumatic
production to distribution).
controllers) to emissions. Emission factors generally represent the amount
of emissions per activity unit, for example standard cubic feet of gas per Methane management A holistic approach to addressing methane emis-
hour per pneumatic controller. Emission factors are typically developed sions performance across multiple dimensions, including actions to reduce
based on a population of direct measurements of emission sources methane emissions intensity through facility design and operational best
or activities. practices; deployment of advanced technology to detect, measure and
quantify site- and source-level emissions; and development and assurance
of methane emissions inventories for reporting and disclosures.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
80

=== PAGE BREAK ===

Methane measurement The process of taking a reading of the methane definition of selected units and terms
concentration or methane emissions rate within an air sample at a specific
point in time. Typical measurement units are parts per million, parts per American Petroleum Institute (API) Trade association representing all
billion and kilograms per hour. Understanding global and local background segments of the oil and gas industry in the United States.
methane concentrations is necessary to contextualize the data. Emissions
bbl Barrel or barrels.
measurements may be performed as one-time activities, at regular
intervals or on a continuous basis, but whatever the frequency, obtaining bcm Billions of cubic meters.
representative measurements is important.
bcm/y Billions of cubic meters per year.
Methane quantification Methods for determining the size of a methane
International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) Global forum
emission source in customary units of emissions rate, such as mass per time
of oil and gas producers.
(e.g., kilograms per hour) or volume per time (e.g., standard cubic meters
per hour). Methane can be quantified through engineering estimations, International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
direct measurement of a methane source (e.g., by utilizing bagging proce- Association (Ipieca) Global not-for-profit oil and gas industry association
dures), and modeling that uses ambient measurements and meteorological for environmental and social issues.
data to infer an emissions rate.
mbd Thousands of barrels per day.
Natural climate solutions Actions that reduce or avoid emissions and/or
mboe/d Thousands of barrels of oil-equivalent per day.
enhance the capture and storage of carbon in nature include conservation,
restoration, and improved land management interventions on natural and mmbd Millions of barrels per day.
agricultural lands.
mmboe/d Millions of barrels of oil-equivalent per day.
Nature-based solutions Per the International Energy Agency (IEA), these
mmbtu Millions of British thermal units.
include the repurposing of land use by growing forests where there were
none before (afforestation) or reestablishing a forest where there was one mmbtu/d Millions of British thermal units per day.
in the past (reforestation). Other nature-based solutions include restora-
mmscf Millions of standard cubic feet.
tion of coastal and marine habitats to ensure they continue to draw CO₂
from the air. mmtpa Millions of tonnes per annum.
Net positive impact Per Ipieca, a target for project outcomes in which the mtpa Thousands of tonnes per annum.
impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety of ecosystems and living things)
caused by the project are outweighed by the actions taken to avoid and
reduce such impacts, rehabilitate affected species and landscapes, and
offset any residual impacts.
Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2) Chevron aspires to reach
net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050. Accomplishing
this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable
technology; government policy; successful negotiations for carbon capture
and storage and nature-based projects; availability of cost-effective,
verifiable offsets in the global market; and granting of necessary permits
by governing authorities.
Pneumatic controller An automated instrument used for maintaining
a process condition such as liquid level, pressure, delta-pressure
and temperature.
Portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) Representation of the estimated energy-
weighted average greenhouse gas emissions intensity from a simplified
value chain from the production, refinement, distribution and end use of
marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered.
Routine flaring The flaring of gas during normal oil production operations
in the absence of sufficient facilities or amenable geology to reinject the
produced gas, utilize it onsite or dispatch it to a market.
Super-emitter A methane source that emits a disproportionate amount
compared to emissions from the total source category. Super-emitters can
be continuous or episodic and can have a wide range of underlying causes,
such as a failing tank control, lack of takeaway or pipeline blowdown.
A study by NASA defines a super-emitter as a source that emits greater
than 10 kilograms of methane per hour.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
81

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 7
about this report
Photo: A worker on scaffolding at the facility in Kazakhstan. Chevron holds a
50% interest in Tengizchevroil (TCO), which operates the Tengiz Field in Kazakhstan,
the world’s deepest producing supergiant oil field. TCO has applied innovative
technologies to redirect gas for its own use, for delivery to consumers and for
reinjection into the reservoir.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
82

=== PAGE BREAK ===

section 7: about this report
This report covers our owned and operated businesses and does Chevron has also provided links in this report to third-party
not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, websites for ease of reference. Chevron’s use of the third-party
contractors and partners unless otherwise noted. In the case information in this report and the inclusion of links to third-party
of certain joint ventures for which Chevron is the operator, content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information.
we exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, This report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as
processes, management and strategy for those joint ventures are information about how the disclosures in this report align with the
known to differ from those detailed in this report. At the time of recommendations of the TCFD, as it has described the categories.
writing, Chevron has completed acquisitions of Beyond6, LLC, In doing so, Chevron does not intend to endorse or adopt and is
Chacraservicios S.r.l. (with Bunge) and PDC Energy, Inc. This not endorsing or adopting these phrases or recommendations.
report does not speak to these companies’ historic governance, In using these terms and referencing the recommendations,
risk management, strategy approaches or emissions performance Chevron is not obligating itself to use the terms in the way defined
unless specifically referenced. All financial information is presented by the TCFD, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific
in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. recommendations or to provide any specific disclosure. Chevron
makes no representation or warranty as to the TCFD’s use or
This report contains forward-looking statements relating to definition of specific terms or recommendations. For example,
the manner in which Chevron intends to conduct certain of its with respect to the use of the term material, individual companies
activities, based on management’s current plans and expectations. are best suited to determine what information is material, under
These statements are not promises or guarantees of future the long-standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term,
conduct or policy and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and whether to disclose this information in U.S. Securities and
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are Exchange financial filings.
difficult to predict, including government regulation and oil and
gas prices. See the Forward-Looking Statements Warning on Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes,
page 84 of this report. universities and other organizations, in various initiatives,
campaigns, projects and other collaborations that express various
Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including the ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change,
development, implementation or continuation of any program, emissions and energy transition. Chevron’s participation or
policy or initiative discussed or forecasted in this report, may membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee
differ materially in the future. As with any projections or estimates, that Chevron’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies
actual results or numbers may vary. The protocols, methodologies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the
and standards (“methodologies”) for tracking and reporting on individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject
emissions, emissions reductions, offsets and related issues are to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may
relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. be beyond Chevron’s control, including government regulation,
Chevron methodologies continue to evolve and may change from availability of technologies, and market forces and other risks
time to time, which may result in a lack of comparative data for and uncertainties detailed throughout this report. Such third
different periods. Our methodologies may not always align with parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and
evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and goals frequently diverge from Chevron’s own ambitions, goals
reporting metrics; our interpretation of reporting standards may and commitments. Chevron will continue to make independent
differ from those of others; and such standards may change over decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its
time; any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals, climate-related ambitions, goals, commitments and investments.
targets and aspirations or reported progress, or lack thereof, in Chevron’s goals, targets and aspirations reflect Chevron’s current
achieving them. The statements of intention in this report speak plans, and Chevron may unilaterally change them for various
only as of the date of this report. Chevron undertakes no obligation reasons, including market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and
to publicly update any statements in this report. financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other
factors. Chevron’s individual ambitions and goals, and its progress
This report contains information from third parties, such as the IEA. toward reaching those ambitions and goals, are stated in its own
Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party corporate reports, including this report, Chevron’s Corporate
information. Where necessary, Chevron received permission to cite Sustainability Report and Chevron’s Methane Report, which contain
third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the necessary context and disclaimers regarding Chevron’s aspirations
control and direction of the third parties. Where Chevron has used and goals and how Chevron measures its progress toward
information, such as displaying data from third parties in graphical reaching them.
form, it has noted the source.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
83

=== PAGE BREAK ===

As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as forward-looking statements warning
“the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “its,” “we” and “us”
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE
may refer to one or more of Chevron’s consolidated subsidiaries PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION
REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
or affiliates or to all of them taken as a whole. All of these terms
are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise This report contains forward-looking images and statements relating to Chevron’s energy
description of any of the separate entities, each of which manages transition plans and operations that are based on management’s current expectations,
estimates, and projections about the petroleum, chemicals, and other energy-related
its own affairs. industries. Words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “targets,”
“advances,” “commits,” “drives,” “aims,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “believes,” “approaches,”
“seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” “pursues,” “progress,” “may,” “can,” “could,”
“should,” “will,” “budgets,” “outlook,” “trends,” “guidance,” “focus,” “on track,” “goals,”
“objectives,” “strategies,” “opportunities,” “poised,” “potential,” “ambitions,” “aspires” and
similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to numerous
risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control and
are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from
what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Our ability to achieve
any aspiration, target or objective outlined in this report is subject to numerous risks, many of
which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the continuing progress
of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) the
granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability of cost-effective,
verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and
other standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures;
This report and additional information (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emissions reductions and
on how we view and address potential climate removals; (7) customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products
or substitute products; and (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response
change-related issues can be found at to legislation and regulations. Further, standards of measurement and performance set
forth in this report made in reference to our environmental, social, governance, and other
chevron.com/sustainability/
sustainability plans and goals may be based on protocols, processes and assumptions that
environment/energy-transition continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, including due to the impact of
future regulation. The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Unless legally required, Chevron
undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in
Produced by Corporate Strategy and Sustainability, the forward-looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural gas prices and demand
Chevron Corporation for the company’s products, and production curtailments due to market conditions; crude oil
production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum
Design Sequel Studio, New York, sequelstudio.com Exporting Countries and other producing countries; technological advancements; changes to
government policies in the countries in which the company operates; public health crises, such
Photo credits Cover and first spread: Robert Seale; 6: Raanan Cohen; as pandemics (including coronavirus (COVID-19)) and epidemics, and any related government
12: Evan Martin; 22: Steve Babuljak and George Rosales; policies and actions; disruptions in the company’s global supply chain, including supply chain
constraints and escalation of the cost of goods and services; changing economic, regulatory
37, 50: Steve Babuljak; 65, 82, inside back cover and back cover:
and political environments in the various countries in which the company operates; general
Marc Marriott/Rezolution Films domestic and international economic, market and political conditions, including the military
conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the global response to such conflict; changing
refining, marketing and chemicals margins; actions of competitors or regulators; timing of
exploration expenses; timing of crude oil liftings; the competitiveness of alternate-energy
sources or product substitutes; development of large carbon capture and offset markets; the
results of operations and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and
equity affiliates; the inability or failure of the company’s joint venture partners to fund their
share of operations and development activities; the potential failure to achieve expected net
production from existing and future crude oil and natural gas development projects; potential
delays in the development, construction or start-up of planned projects; the potential
disruption or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events,
civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human causes
beyond the company’s control; the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments
under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation; significant operational,
investment, or product changes undertaken or required by existing or future environmental
statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional
legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emissions; the potential
liability resulting from pending or future litigation; the ability to successfully integrate the
operations of Chevron and PDC Energy, Inc. and achieve the anticipated benefits from the
transaction, including the expected incremental annual free cash flow; the company’s future
acquisitions or dispositions of assets or shares or the delay or failure of such transactions
to close based on required closing conditions; the potential for gains and losses from asset
dispositions or impairments; government-mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations,
taxes and tax audits, tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms, or restrictions on scope of
company operations; foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar; higher
inflation and related impacts; material reductions in corporate liquidity and access to debt
markets; the receipt of required Board authorizations to implement capital allocation
strategies, including future stock repurchase programs and dividend payments; the effects
of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting principles promulgated
by rule-setting bodies; the company’s ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards
inherent in operating in the global energy industry; and the factors set forth under the
heading “Risk Factors” on pages 20 through 26 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on
Form 10-K and in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in this report could also have material
adverse effects on forward-looking statements.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
84

=== PAGE BREAK ===

the power of human ingenuity
to deliver progress
We all have a stake in a lower carbon future. Affordable energy is vital for economies to flourish.
Reliable energy is essential for national security. As we look to the future, technology solutions and
innovation are critical. We’ve been solving difficult energy challenges for decades, and we’re working
on the next generation of breakthrough technologies to deliver the energy solutions of tomorrow.
Photo: The blend services laboratory at Chevron’s Richmond
Technology Center, Richmond Refinery, California. Chevron’s
renewable base oil and renewable lubricant are available in the
market today.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

There are many paths the future
could take, but a few things are
certain: The global demand for
energy continues to grow; more
affordable and reliable energy
is needed; current energy forms
are becoming cleaner; and new
energy solutions are emerging.
learn more
chevron.com/sustainability/
environment/energy-transition
Chevron Corporation
6001 Bollinger Canyon Road,
San Ramon, CA 94583-2324 USA
www.chevron.com
© 2024 Chevron Corporation.
All Rights Reserved.
913-0386 (03-24)