3.1.1 Macroeconomic and demographic drivers Exhibit 8. Billions of people would benefit from affordable,
Affordable, reliable energy enables economic development by reliable and ever-cleaner energy
facilitating modern production techniques across all segments of
the economy, which ultimately leads to increased life spans and a Percentage of population using
higher quality of life.5 wood or other solid fuels for cooking
Individuals and society benefit from access to affordable, reliable
and ever-cleaner energy (Exhibit 8). As populations increase and
urbanize and as incomes grow and billions of people in less-
developed countries seek a higher standard of living, many experts 36%
forecast global energy demand to increase (Exhibit 9), even as
the energy intensity of the world’s economic output declines.6
Developing economies currently consume 59.1 gigajoules of
energy per person as compared with 160 gigajoules per person in
advanced economies. Energy use per person across developing
economies is approximately 37% of the levels across advanced
economies, up from 29% a decade ago.
Source: World Health Organization, Proportion of Population with Primary Reliance on Clean Fuels and
Technologies, who.int/data/gho/data/themes/air-pollution/household-air-pollution. Wood or other
As advanced economies shift to the service sector, they outsource solid fuels for cooking are defined by WHO as biomass, charcoal, coal and kerosene.
their manufacturing to developing economies. Rising income
levels, population growth and manufacturing expansion contribute
to increased energy consumption across developing economies,
Exhibit 9. A growing middle class drives demand
helping to close the gap with advanced economies. As incomes
for access to energy
improve, more economic growth comes from the service
(Exajoules)
sector, which is often more energy- and carbon-efficient than
manufacturing. Technological advancements and improvements in
Total primary energy demand,
energy efficiency will likely further reduce energy intensity.
IEA Stated Policies Scenario
Changes in consumer behavior can also influence energy demand.
600
Behaviors like remote working and videoconferencing can lead to
a decrease in energy demand. Others, like more home deliveries,
can lead to an increase in energy demand. The impact of behavior
changes may be modulated by other demand drivers, such as 400
government policies or the long life of existing infrastructure.
In 2022, the residential sector accounted for approximately 15%
of natural gas consumption in the United States, and natural gas
200
was the source of approximately 42% of residential sector end-
use energy consumption.7 Approximately 60% of homes in the
United States use natural gas for space and water heating, cooking,
and drying clothes.8 Demand for natural gas is primarily driven 0
2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
by existing homes and buildings, which typically have very long
service lives. The IEA estimates that half of the buildings expected Developing economies Advanced economies
to be in use by 2050 are already built.9
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY
4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
25