2.2 transition risks 2.2.3 Market risks
The potential impacts of climate change on markets are complex
Our ERM process encompasses risks typically identified as climate- and uncertain. As disclosed on page 20 of the company’s 2022
related transition risks, including policy, technology, market, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Chevron is primarily in a commodities
legal and reputational risks. Risks that could materially impact business that has a history of price volatility. Potential consumer
our operations and financial condition are discussed in the “Risk use of substitutes to Chevron’s products that may be developed in
Factors” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. the future may impact our business.
2.2.1 Policy risks We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and
Policies addressing climate-related issues are evolving (see preserving prudent liquidity levels. Our policies and controls
pages 54–64). The direct effects, as well as second- and third- provide centralized governance over key enterprise processes,
order effects, of potential policy changes will depend on the type including banking, liquidity management, foreign exchange,
and timing of such changes. As disclosed on pages 22–24 of the credit risk, financing, and climate change-related risks and energy
company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, significant changes transition opportunities (see page 24).
in the regulatory environment, including those driven by climate-
related issues, could affect our operations.
For example, legislation, regulation and other government actions we continue to place a high
related to global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate priority on the safety and health
change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and
of our workforce and on the
reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products.
protection of communities,
Climate-related issues are integrated into the company’s strategy the environment and our assets
and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management
tools and processes, where applicable (see page 24). They are
Guided by The Chevron Way, we have embedded and long-
also factored into the company’s long-range supply, demand and standing processes that are designed to grow our workforce
energy price forecasts (see page 36). capabilities and engage with stakeholders to manage potential
impacts in the communities where we operate. We aim to:
2.2.2 Technology risks • Employ risk management processes to evaluate facility-,
Development and deployment of innovations and emerging activity- and product-related risks across the lifecycle of the
technologies in pursuit of a lower carbon economy may disrupt or business, from planning and construction through operation
and decommissioning.
displace portions of the current economic system. As disclosed
on page 20 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, • Empower our people through programs that promote their
health, well-being and development, including training and
technology advancements could affect the price of crude oil.
development for employees to help them achieve their full
potential and to meet the needs of the evolving business.
The Chevron Technology Center (CTC) supports Chevron’s
• Cultivate innovative collaboration in the communities
businesses through research, technology and capability
where we operate to support robust social investment
development. The CTC also helps bridge the gap between programs, including investing in STEM education and
business unit needs and emerging technology solutions programs that support small and diverse businesses and
developed externally to the company (see pages 26–28, 49). supporting workforce development programs.
Chevron established the Chevron Future Energy Fund in 2018 • Involve communities and other stakeholders in meaningful
with a commitment of $100 million and a follow-up Future discussions and planning where there may be asset retirement
Energy Fund II in 2021 with a commitment of $300 million to or divestiture.
invest in breakthrough technologies that could help advance For more information on activities regarding employees and
the energy transition. communities, see our 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
14