energy management
Emissions associated with our own energy use make up approximately We are increasing the use of renewables in a number of our products as
70% of our direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions from we aim to reduce lifecycle emissions and work to provide verified, low-cost,
imported energy (Scope 2),* which is why energy management is a key high-integrity carbon offsets to our customers around the world to help
focus area. We are working on over 100 energy management projects them achieve their own lower carbon goals.
forecasted to reduce emissions by more than 1.5 million tonnes of CO₂e
Renewable power: By sourcing more electricity from renewable sources,
per year once fully implemented. In addition to our internal efforts,
we are switching to a lower carbon power source and working toward
we support external efforts, including venture capital investments, to
optimizing between purchased and self-generated power. These types of
contribute to the advancement of energy management. For example,
efforts can reduce the direct and indirect emissions associated with our
we have a long-standing collaboration with the University of California at
operations and lower the overall lifecycle carbon intensity of our products.
Davis Energy and Efficiency Institute sponsoring industry research and
technology advancement in energy and energy efficiency solutions. Energy storage: Energy storage is an important component to help
address intermittency with renewable generation. By combining energy
Our strategy to deploy mature, renewable power-generation solutions is
storage solutions with lower carbon power sources, we can lower the
focused and selective. We invest in wind and solar projects that have the
overall carbon intensity of our products.
greatest ability to cost-efficiently lower carbon emissions in our operations.
3+T30 O3- N 3 S(40 R )R1E u C8e O5 M d5u6M C A9N h7 e D0m É0S in wVewrwt .7c5a0r1r1e nPoairri.scom TTJDFOO aBt TT e _A 2 : L 1 2 _ 6 0 / 0 0 0 5 0 /2 8 0 _ 2 T 1 otalEnergies_Logo_CMYK Cdv T e’ee E r xs C fiéi H cochn N ui e I tC Q iroS U en6 E s .ct ruéné dsuorc uIlmluesntrta tor
Algonquin: Chevron and Algonquin Power & UCYANtiMAlGENiTAtYEiLLOWes Corporation seek to Malta: Chevron is invested in Malta Inc., a startup that is developing a long-
co-develop renewable-power projects that provide electricity to strategic duration energy storage system targeting eight-hour to multiday storage
assets across our global portfolio. Under the four-year agreement, we plan for grid-scale applications. Our investment in Malta supports innovation in
to source 500 megawatts of existing and future electricity demand from the future of energy storage. Its technology has the potential to efficiently
renewables and expect to make up to $250 million in investments by 2025. and cost-effectively create a scalable long-term energy storage system
that can support renewables as they potentially become a greater portion
TotalEnergies Renewables USA: Chevron and TotalEnergies Renewables
of the future energy mix.
USA completed construction in 2020 on a solar power project that supplies
our Lost Hills production facilities in California with solar energy. We
expect that the project will provide more than 1.4 billion kilowatt-hours of
solar energy over the potential 20-year term of the agreement.
RayGen: Chevron is invested in RayGen, a startup developing
technology that has the potential to impact long-duration energy
storage and grid stability.
*Year-end 2022.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
40