methane management
We believe addressing methane emissions has become a key part of being flaring during emergency and upset conditions. Our Angola LNG joint
a responsible producer of oil, products and natural gas. Chevron’s ambition venture was built to provide access to a market for associated natural gas.
is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance. We have reduced flaring intensity from our operated assets in Angola by
more than 80% since 2016.
Our upstream methane-intensity target is 2.0 kg CO₂e/boe by 2028, and
we have reduced the methane intensity of Chevron’s oil and gas operations Chevron is trialing emerging technology and collaborating with third
by more than 50% since 2016. OGCI, of which Chevron is a member, has a parties to help find better ways to detect and measure methane emissions.
2025 collective methane intensity target of well below 0.2% of marketed Improving our methane detection capabilities helps us better identify
gas from operated assets. In 2022, our upstream methane intensity emissions reduction opportunities. We anticipate that our methane emis-
performance was estimated at 0.13% of marketed gas production from sions monitoring and detection program will provide additional insights to
operated assets and 0.17% of marketed gas production on an equity improve how our facilities are operated and maintained.
basis.* In 2021, our methane intensity performance in the Permian Basin
Chevron is taking actions to improve the quality and transparency of
production segment was in the top quartile of oil and gas producers.
methane emissions disclosures. As quantitative technologies become
In 2022, Chevron committed to designing, where possible, new upstream more widely available and protocols are developed to reconcile current
facilities without routine methane emissions. We flare natural gas when inventories with actual measurements, we are working to incorporate field
necessary for safety and operational purposes and in areas where pipelines measurement into existing emission factor-based inventories.
and other alternatives for transporting gas do not exist. During develop-
Read more about Chevron’s strategy, goals and action plan to prevent,
ment planning in the Permian Basin, we consider gas takeaway availability
detect and reduce methane emissions at chevron.co/methanereport.
as if it were a permitting condition. This approach has resulted in limited
The Environmental Partnership (TEP): Chevron is a founding partner of Collaboratory to Advance Methane Science (CAMS) and Methane
TEP, an industry initiative aimed at accelerating the adoption of practices Emissions Technology Evaluation Center (METEC): Chevron is a founding
that reduce methane emissions. The over 100 companies participating in member of CAMS and also serves on the Industrial Advisory Board of the
this initiative have conducted nearly 1.9 million leak detection surveys and METEC, a facility at Colorado State University (CSU) that provides realistic
replaced more than 114,000 pneumatic controllers with lower- or non- oil field settings to test new methane detection technologies. Our CAMS
emitting technologies or otherwise removed them from service. projects include an aerial survey in the Permian Basin, a review of satellite
monitoring capabilities and a measurement study of emissions from LNG
Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI): Chevron is a member of OGCI.
transport activities. Other projects include TOPBOT, where researchers will
Member companies have a methane-intensity target to help reduce collec-
work to close the gap between top-down and bottom-up methane emis-
tive average upstream methane intensity to well below 0.20% by 2025,
sions estimates, and development of AI-based software to help improve
measuring the volume of methane emissions from upstream oil and gas
quantification and localization capabilities of point methane sensors.
operations as a percentage of the total volume of gas marketed.
Chevron has supported CSU’s methane work over the past two years by
Veritas: Chevron has joined Veritas, the GTI Energy Methane Emissions
engaging in the Colorado Coordinated Campaign (C3), which has sought
Measurement and Verification Initiative. The goal of Veritas is to develop
to build emissions models of the Denver-Julesburg Basin by incorporating
and advance technical protocols for measurement and assurance to
data from flyovers, ground-based emissions measurement and the
provide a widely accepted methodology to incorporate field-informed
Methane Emissions Estimation Tool model. Chevron is also supporting
methane quantification into emissions inventories. In summer 2022,
CSU’s Site Air Basin Emissions Reconciliation (SABER) project, which is
Chevron tested and provided technical feedback on the protocols. Chevron
working to demonstrate reconciliation between top-down and bottom-up
is continuing to test and provide feedback on the first official version of the
estimates of emissions in a complex oil and gas production basin.
protocols, which were made public in February 2023.
Project Astra: Chevron participates in Project Astra, a methane sensor
network that leverages data sharing and analytics to provide near-
continuous monitoring across some oil and gas facilities in the Permian
* While we are including this methane metric to allow for comparability with other reporting
Basin. Project Astra is led by the University of Texas at Austin. frameworks, we continue to use kg CO₂e/boe for our methane metric because it allows for allocation
of emissions between multiple products of the same operation (oil, gas, NGLs) and is more useful for
comparing different types of assets.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
41