chevron supports
well-designed climate policy
Chevron supports the global ambitions of the Paris Agreement and continues to take actions to help lower the carbon intensity of our
operations while continuing to meet the world’s demand for energy. Chevron believes that broad, market-based mechanisms are the most
efficient approach to addressing GHG emissions reductions.
Chevron supports carbon pricing, innovation and efficient policies. Chevron supports:
• Global engagement: Build up an integrated global carbon market Marginal abatement cost curve, promoting carbon
that creates a level playing field and mitigates trade distortions. efficiency at the least cost to society
Incentivizing the lowest-cost abatement on the widest scale possible
(Quantity, tonnes CO₂e)
is critical to mitigating climate change, as it allocates limited resources
as efficiently and effectively as possible to create the greatest
opportunity for success.
• Research and innovation: Support promising pre-commercial
technologies designed to spur innovation and mitigation across all
sectors of the economy. Investments in pre-commercial early-stage
abatement technologies can lead to commercially viable businesses
and ultimately reduce the need for incentives over time.
• Balanced and measured policy: A balanced and measured approach
aims to meet long-term economic, environmental and energy-security
needs; allocates costs in an equitable, gradual and predictable way; and
considers both GHG mitigation and climate change adaptation. Involve
all sectors, technologies and solutions to maximize efficient and cost-
effective reductions and avoid duplicative and inefficient regulations.
• Transparency: Strive for transparency and efficiency in measuring
and driving the lowest-cost emissions reductions. Transparently
communicate policy benefits, costs and trade-offs to the public.
innovation support carbon pricing targeted policies
Investments in pre-commercial early- Carbon pricing should be the primary Direct regulations should be narrowly
stage abatement technologies can lead policy tool to achieve GHG emissions and efficiently targeted to enable cost-
to commercially viable businesses and reduction goals. It incentivizes the most effective lower carbon opportunities not
ultimately reduce the need for incentives efficient and cost-effective emissions addressed by carbon pricing or innova-
over time. reductions when applied broadly across tion policies (e.g., apartment efficiency
the economy while enabling support standards, because the owner pays for
to affected communities, consumers efficiency improvements, but the renter
and businesses. pays the utility bill).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
61