chevron supports
chevron supports a lifecycle
policy to advance innovation
approach to carbon accounting
and lower carbon solutions
The best decisions are made with reliable data. Pursuing a lower carbon future is no different. The world is not on track
to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement* and needs better data to enable better decisions to advance these goals.
Chevron believes lifecycle analysis (LCA) is a powerful tool to enable data-driven decisions.
A lifecycle approach to carbon accounting facilitates informed decision making throughout the value chain. Also known as
“carbon footprinting,” this accounting approach can be used to quantify the carbon intensity associated with a good or service,
inclusive of both direct and indirect emissions. Such an approach could enable policymakers to drive the most pragmatic policy,
incentivize producers to abate more, inform buyers on making lower carbon choices in a standardized manner and identify more
cost-efficient emissions reduction options.
A lifecycle assessment is a comprehensive method for assessing principles
a range of environmental impacts across the full lifecycle of a
• Relevant: Actual data compared on a common basis enables
product system, from materials acquisition to manufacturing, use
day-to-day decision making.
and final disposition. When focused on carbon emissions, this
approach enables product differentiation by enabling a holistic
• Consistent: Data enable performance comparisons across
comparison of product carbon performance.
suppliers and over time.
Chevron is working within and beyond our sector to help develop
• Accurate: Common set of assurance standards promotes
global standards and guidance to advance carbon accounting as
the reliability of information.
we seek to lead in carbon transparency. Actual data, a standardized
approach to allocating emissions, and single-attribution to avoid
• Complete: Lifecycle summation, inclusive of all relevant
double counting are all needed as the foundation for consistent
emissions, and annual global reconciliation of emissions
carbon accounting.
are achieved.
It is important to assess carbon performance for comparable stages in the lifecycle
Lifecycle emissions are the sum of GHG emissions and removals in a product system expressed as CO₂-equivalents.
lifecycle
production transport manufacturing transport use emissions
+ + + + =
25 5 37 5 420 492†
kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe
* The UN Environment Programme’s Emissions Gap Report 2022, unep.org, shows that the world is not on track to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting global warming to well below 2° C, preferably 1.5° C.
† Illustrative values are based on production and manufacturing values from Chevron’s oil and refining carbon intensities, respectively, as stated on page 66 in Chevron’s GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
table; transport value based on Chevron internal analysis of IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018; end-use value from API, GHG Compendium (2021), api.org.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
62