performance of multiple suppliers of the same product and to
incentivize performance improvements.
chevron was an early adopter
Allocations: A consistent allocation approach is important of emissions reporting
to ensure comparability of product-level emissions. The
inherent bias imposed by allocation choices can lead to potential
For more than 20 years, Chevron has reported, at the company
“methodology arbitrage” wherein one product appears superior level, both direct emissions and the largest category of its
based solely on accounting choices. When more than one product indirect emissions (combustion of our products). We recently
is produced at a facility, there are multiple ways to allocate achieved reasonable assurance‡ of our corporate inventory.
emissions across products – based on quantity, mass, energy or
economic value at various levels of granularity, including regional,
facility or process unit – all of which result in different values for a
carbon footprint. There are many reasons that avoidance, abatement or removal may
be undertaken by a different party. For example:
Consistency in allocation decisions can facilitate comparability. For
example, in mining gems, both gems and waste rocks result. Some • Lower cost of avoidance, abatement or removals.
propose that all emissions resulting from mining activities should
be allocated to the gems, as they are the primary economic value • Products may be commingled in storage or transport, which
driver of the mine. However, others propose that the emissions makes tracing differentiated products impossible (common in
should be distributed to both the gems and the waste rocks energy products).
based on the proportional volume produced given the physical
processing. Chevron believes it is important to consider both • Local markets for a lower carbon activity may not exist, and
the economic value and physical processing requirements when shipping of the physical products – when and if possible – to
allocating emissions across products from the same facility. markets that value carbon efficiency may increase overall
carbon emissions.
Attribution: Effective use of carbon attributes can harness
market forces to promote carbon efficiency at the least cost to • Entities with the desire to fund emissions reductions may be
society. GHGs are global in nature, having the same impact on geographically separated from the lower-cost carbon emissions
climate change no matter where emissions occur.* Therefore, in the reduction, in which case, decoupling environmental attributes
pursuit of the Paris Agreement goals, GHG emissions reductions enables broader access to markets, which can accelerate a more
could be encouraged no matter where they occur and as cost- cost-efficient lower carbon future.39
efficiently as possible. One way to achieve this is to decouple
the carbon performance of a product or service via the creation Consistent methodologies that track both physical and contracted
of an environmental attribute paired with another product. This carbon performance are needed to enable efficient markets,
system, sometimes referred to as “book-and-claim,”† enables one ensure emissions are counted once and enable effective
party to incentivize and claim an emissions reduction even if the reconciliation of emissions.
reduction physically occurs elsewhere.
Exhibit 31: Differences between absolute emissions reporting and intensity- or performance-based reporting
term definition uses
absolute emissions Total emissions emitted • Indicates relative size of business
reporting over a period of time, usually • Drives absolute emissions reductions through operational and design changes
associated with an activity, • Incentivizes divestment, shutdowns and reporting methodology arbitrage
product or area
intensity- or performance- Emissions divided by • Establishes a normalized performance measure
based reporting production or energy units • Provides insight on carbon efficiency
• Drives absolute reductions through operational and design changes
• Incentivizes more carbon-efficient production growth
* Other reasons, such as local air criteria pollution, may influence location of emissions, but the emissions still contribute to climate change. The impact is global, not local.
† A number of regulatory and nonregulatory programs use this practice, such as in renewable fuels and renewable electricity.
‡ “Reasonable assurance” refers to a high level of confidence that stated information is accurate and complete, allowing a verifier to conclude that the GHG information is fairly stated, contrasted with no
assurance or limited assurance. “Limited assurance” refers to a negative form of conclusion which allows verifiers to conclude that nothing has come to their attention to cause them to believe that GHG
information is misstated. For our most recent ESG assurance statement, visit chevron.co/ESGassurance.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
52