updates result in very little change in overall energy demand or IEA NZE Scenario assumptions
price. Natural gas demand is the notable exception. Based on the
IEA’s projection of how present-day energy security concerns over The NZE Scenario results in approximately 15% lower global
international gas supply could cause a shift away from gas demand primary energy demand in 2050 than in 2021 (Exhibit 3) while
in the coming decade, gas demand is down markedly in favor of supporting 2 billion more people and a doubling of the global
coal and biomass, followed by nuclear and renewable power. The economy. A selection of the scenario’s assumptions are as follows:
IEA also specifically calls out the need for policymakers to “do
much more to provide signals on the demand side” to develop • Global energy investment doubles, increasing from an average
clean energy supply chains and emphasizes that the NZE Scenario of 2% of annual GDP from 2017 to 2021 to nearly 4% by 2030.
pathway “cannot be achieved without the rapid and large-scale
adoption of measures that limit growth in energy demand.” • Universal energy access is achieved globally by 2030.
The scenario’s assumptions are limited to the energy sector and do • Electricity use increases from approximately 20% of final
not address natural climate solutions, such as offsets, or impacts to energy consumption today to over 50% by 2050.
land-use change that occur in non-energy sectors. The framework
also assumes less use of negative emissions technologies, like • Renewables and bioenergy account for over 80% of the
CCUS, than IPCC scenarios. global energy mix by 2050.
The IEA describes the pathway as “narrow but still achievable,” in • The oil and gas sector’s share of total primary energy demand
that it “entails very ambitious policies and measures to improve declines from over 50% today to approximately 15% by 2050.
energy efficiency and reduce energy demand, including through
behavioral change,” and acknowledges that “[t]here are … many • The power generation sector reaches net zero emissions
areas where progress is well short of what is envisaged in the across all advanced economies by 2035 and net zero emissions
NZE Scenario.” We agree – the scenario and its assumptions are globally by 2040.
challenging. The NZE Scenario requires globally coordinated
policy design, strong international cooperation, vast capital
redeployment, nearly quadrupling of renewables and nuclear
Exhibit 3. Total primary energy demand in IEA NZE Scenario
capacity additions, accelerated technology deployment, and an
(Exajoules)
improvement in energy intensity that is two-and-a-half times
higher than the observed trend of the past decade. We see
10 billion
the NZE Scenario as remote and highly unlikely due to the 800
immediate and unprecedented action required to transform
the global energy system. 8 billion
600
“there is still a large gap between today’s
ambitions and a 1.5° C stabilization”3
400
Modeling of long-term scenarios is inherently speculative, given the
wide range of unpredictable variables and externalities that could
200
affect outcomes through 2050. We do not rely on the NZE Scenario
for our business planning. Nonetheless, we have conducted a
scenario test of the NZE Scenario demand projections, as well as
0
its oil and gas projections, to stress-test our portfolio. 2021 2030 2040 2050
Population Oil Nuclear Bioenergy
The IEA does not directly provide all the necessary market details
Coal Natural gas Hydropower Other renewables
required to run an NZE Scenario analysis (e.g., regional pricing or
product consumption). Where necessary, we developed additional Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
assumptions consistent with the NZE Scenario narrative to
estimate the performance of our portfolio.
Our Corporate Audit department, which performs the internal
audit function at Chevron, conducted a nonrated assurance review
of the NZE Scenario analysis. The Corporate Audit department
found that the analysis was conducted in accordance with
established internal process and emerging external guidance.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
17