climate-related disclosure
Chevron recognizes climate change is a growing area of interest and where the relevant information can be found in this report.
for our stakeholders, including investors. The table below shows Further information can be found in Chevron’s Methane Report
how the disclosures in this report align with the recommendations (2022), Climate Change Resilience reports and Corporate
of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Sustainability reports. For Chevron’s latest reports, see our
Financial Disclosures, as the TCFD has described the categories, reports and publications center.
report
TCFD recommendation* disclosure
section
governance
Disclose the organization’s (a) Describe the board’s governance around potential Board oversight 1.1
governance around potential climate-related risks and opportunities. Public Policy and Sustainability Committee 1.1.1
climate-related risks and Other Board-level committees 1.1.2–1.1.4
opportunities. Director qualifications and nominating process 1.1.4
(b) D escribe management’s role in assessing and Executive management of climate risks 1.2
managing potential climate-related risks
Organizational capability on energy transition 1.3
and opportunities.
strategy
Disclose the actual and (a) D escribe the potential climate-related risks and Chevron’s strategic and business planning 3
potential impacts of opportunities the organization has identified processes
over the short, medium and long terms.
climate-related risks and
opportunities on the (b) D escribe the impact of potential climate-related risks Chevron’s strategic and business planning processes 3
organization’s businesses, and opportunities on the organization’s businesses,
Portfolio 4
strategy and financial strategy and financial planning.
planning where such (c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, Stress-testing our portfolio under 2.2.6
information is material. taking into consideration different climate-related the IEA NZE Scenario
scenarios, including a 2° C or lower scenario.
risk management
Disclose how the (a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying Physical risks 2.1
organization identifies, and assessing potential climate-related risks. Transition risks 2.2
assesses and manages
(b) D escribe the organization’s processes for Physical risks 2.1
potential climate- managing potential climate-related risks.
Transition risks 2.2
related risks.
(c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and Risk management 2
managing potential climate-related risks are integrated
into the organization’s overall risk management.
metrics and targets
Disclose the metrics and (a) D isclose the metrics used by the organization to assess Advancing energy progress page 4
targets used to assess potential climate-related risks and opportunities in
line with its strategy and risk management process. Assessing performance on a lifecycle basis 5.1
and manage potential
climate-related risks and
(b) D isclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Metrics 6
opportunities where such Scope 3 GHG emissions estimates and the potential
information is material. related risks.
(c) D escribe the targets used by the organization Advancing energy progress page 4
to manage potential climate-related risks and
opportunities and performance against targets.
* See Section 7: About This Report.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
77