emerging technologies
We have a long history of identifying and driving innovation through widespread baseload, nonintermittent resource that can complement and
investments in emerging technologies, research and development, and add capacity to meet the world’s growing renewable-power demand.
university partnerships. We are currently exploring opportunities to
In addition to geothermal, we are exploring other emerging lower carbon
commercialize the next generation of emerging technologies. These
power technologies, such as lithium extraction. Technologies such as
efforts will build on our assets and capabilities to meet growing enterprise
long-duration storage or small, modular nuclear reactors can be part of
and customer needs.
the solutions needed to deliver on the world’s growing demand for lower
Initially, we are leveraging core capabilities in subsurface, drilling, wells carbon energy. Through venture capital, we continue to invest in other
and facilities, and our operating history in geothermal, to advance and lower carbon technologies.
scale novel geothermal energy, which can potentially allow access to a
Baseload Capital: Chevron is invested in Baseload Capital, a private invest- Sonoma Clean Power: Chevron is working with Sonoma Clean Power to
ment company focused on the development and operation of low- and identify and develop geothermal opportunities in Sonoma and Mendocino
medium-temperature geothermal and heat power assets. We also have a counties, California.
joint venture with Baseload to develop geothermal projects in the U.S., the
Texas Geothermal Energy Alliance (TXGEA): Chevron is a member of
first of which is in Weepah Hills, Nevada.
TXGEA, an education and advocacy organization created to enhance
Eavor Technologies: Chevron is invested in Eavor Technologies, a geothermal energy in Texas.
company that provides a closed-loop geothermal technology for both
Zap Energy: Chevron is invested in Zap Energy, a startup developing
power and direct heat markets. Eavor’s innovative system has dispatch-
a next-generation modular fusion energy system with an innovative
ability for power load balancing, which is becoming more essential as
approach to advancing cost-effective, flexible and commercially scalable
intermittent renewables become a larger part of power grids.
fusion power.
Mitsui Oil Exploration Company (MOECO): Chevron announced the
Mainspring Energy: Chevron is invested in Mainspring Energy, a startup
signing of a joint collaboration agreement to explore the technical and
developing technology that has the potential to enable greater fuel flex-
commercial feasibility of advanced geothermal power generation in Japan.
ibility and utilization of lower carbon fuels with near-zero NOx emissions.
Building on Chevron and MOECO’s long-standing relationship, the new
collaboration will study geothermal resource potential across Japan and
will evaluate the effectiveness of advanced closed-loop technology for a
future joint pilot project there.
integrated partnerships
We are collaborating in new ways with innovators, policymakers, communi- JERA: Chevron and JERA are collaborating on multiple lower carbon
ties and customers to accelerate progress toward integrated lower carbon opportunities focused on the U.S. and Asia-Pacific regions. Opportunities
products and solutions that can help reduce emissions of industries that include the production of lower carbon fuels, CCUS and new technology
enable modern society. commercialization.
KazMunaiGas (KMG): Chevron has a memorandum of understanding PT Pertamina: Chevron has collaborated with PT Pertamina (Persero) to
to explore potential lower carbon business opportunities in Kazakhstan explore potential lower carbon business opportunities in Indonesia. Aimed
with KMG. Chevron and KMG have been evaluating the potential for lower at serving local and potentially regional customers, we plan to consider
carbon projects in areas such as CCUS, hydrogen, energy efficiency and novel geothermal technologies; carbon offsets through nature-based
methane management, and carbon financial disclosure methodology. solutions; CCUS; and lower carbon hydrogen development, production,
storage and transport.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
49