Methane measurement The process of taking a reading of the methane definition of selected units and terms
concentration or methane emissions rate within an air sample at a specific
point in time. Typical measurement units are parts per million, parts per American Petroleum Institute (API) Trade association representing all
billion and kilograms per hour. Understanding global and local background segments of the oil and gas industry in the United States.
methane concentrations is necessary to contextualize the data. Emissions
bbl Barrel or barrels.
measurements may be performed as one-time activities, at regular
intervals or on a continuous basis, but whatever the frequency, obtaining bcm Billions of cubic meters.
representative measurements is important.
bcm/y Billions of cubic meters per year.
Methane quantification Methods for determining the size of a methane
International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) Global forum
emission source in customary units of emissions rate, such as mass per time
of oil and gas producers.
(e.g., kilograms per hour) or volume per time (e.g., standard cubic meters
per hour). Methane can be quantified through engineering estimations, International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
direct measurement of a methane source (e.g., by utilizing bagging proce- Association (Ipieca) Global not-for-profit oil and gas industry association
dures), and modeling that uses ambient measurements and meteorological for environmental and social issues.
data to infer an emissions rate.
mbd Thousands of barrels per day.
Natural climate solutions Actions that reduce or avoid emissions and/or
mboe/d Thousands of barrels of oil-equivalent per day.
enhance the capture and storage of carbon in nature include conservation,
restoration, and improved land management interventions on natural and mmbd Millions of barrels per day.
agricultural lands.
mmboe/d Millions of barrels of oil-equivalent per day.
Nature-based solutions Per the International Energy Agency (IEA), these
mmbtu Millions of British thermal units.
include the repurposing of land use by growing forests where there were
none before (afforestation) or reestablishing a forest where there was one mmbtu/d Millions of British thermal units per day.
in the past (reforestation). Other nature-based solutions include restora-
mmscf Millions of standard cubic feet.
tion of coastal and marine habitats to ensure they continue to draw CO₂
from the air. mmtpa Millions of tonnes per annum.
Net positive impact Per Ipieca, a target for project outcomes in which the mtpa Thousands of tonnes per annum.
impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety of ecosystems and living things)
caused by the project are outweighed by the actions taken to avoid and
reduce such impacts, rehabilitate affected species and landscapes, and
offset any residual impacts.
Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2) Chevron aspires to reach
net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2050. Accomplishing
this aspiration depends on continuing progress on commercially viable
technology; government policy; successful negotiations for carbon capture
and storage and nature-based projects; availability of cost-effective,
verifiable offsets in the global market; and granting of necessary permits
by governing authorities.
Pneumatic controller An automated instrument used for maintaining
a process condition such as liquid level, pressure, delta-pressure
and temperature.
Portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) Representation of the estimated energy-
weighted average greenhouse gas emissions intensity from a simplified
value chain from the production, refinement, distribution and end use of
marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered.
Routine flaring The flaring of gas during normal oil production operations
in the absence of sufficient facilities or amenable geology to reinject the
produced gas, utilize it onsite or dispatch it to a market.
Super-emitter A methane source that emits a disproportionate amount
compared to emissions from the total source category. Super-emitters can
be continuous or episodic and can have a wide range of underlying causes,
such as a failing tank control, lack of takeaway or pipeline blowdown.
A study by NASA defines a super-emitter as a source that emits greater
than 10 kilograms of methane per hour.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
81