calculation methodology
portfolio carbon intensity
grams CO₂e/megajoule
i [(GHG intensity) i * (Energy) i ] – j (Net GHG removals) j
(Energy)
i
Where: (GHG intensity) is the simplified value chain GHG intensity of marketed product , (Net GHG removals)
i i j
is the net GHG emissions stored, or offset, and (Energy) is the energy of the marketed product .
i i
our portfolio carbon intensity methodology
Introduction: The portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology is Scope: The PCI is calculated on an annual basis as the weighted-average
designed to facilitate carbon intensity accounting of a company’s portfolio.
GHG intensity of energy delivered across gas, natural gas liquid (NGL), oil,
It uses a representative value chain that includes equity-based emissions
biofuel, hydrogen and lower carbon power products. Carbon removals are
associated with bringing products to market, including the indirect
deducted from total lifecycle emissions estimates.
emissions from use of sold products (Scope 3). The PCI methodology
facilitates transparency in calculations and data with information taken The following energy products (i) are included in the PCI methodology:
from financial statements and emissions disclosures. This approach
• Gas: piped gas, LNG, compressed natural gas and renewable natural gas
enables comparison of companies that may participate in different parts
of the value chain and the use of real data when possible. • Natural gas liquids: NGLs from upstream and refining
• Liquid fuels: crude oil and its refined products (gasoline, diesel, jet
Chevron’s PCI represents the products we sell, including our own
fuel, fuel oil and other petroleum products), ethanol, renewable diesel,
emissions, emissions from third parties and emissions from customer
biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel
use of our products. For Chevron, the volume of emissions produced by
users of our products is larger than our volume of emissions associated • Hydrogen: external sales of hydrogen, including lower carbon hydrogen
with either upstream production or manufacturing. • Lower carbon power: external sales of wind, solar and
geothermal power
Intent: The PCI methodology provides a framework for transparent and
The following removals (j) are included in the PCI methodology
consistent comparisons of the mix of energy products provided by a
calculation:
company and their associated carbon performance, inclusive of elements
of direct emissions (Scope 1), indirect emissions from imported energy • CCUS removes CO₂ either directly from the atmosphere or from streams
(Scope 2), and indirect emissions associated with the value chain and use that would be released to the atmosphere. It does not include CO₂
of sold products (Scope 3). The methodology is broadly applicable to oil produced from naturally occurring reservoirs that is used for enhanced
and gas companies involved in exploration and production, manufacturing oil recovery.
or marketing activities. • High-integrity offsets include nature-based solutions
PCI definition: Estimated energy-weighted average GHG emissions inten sity For traditional hydrocarbon products (gas, NGL and oil), marketed
from a simplified value chain from the production, manufacturing, distribu- volumes are based on the business segment (production, manufacturing
tion and end use of marketed energy products per unit of energy delivered. or marketing) with the largest overall commodity volume, inclusive of all
traded volumes.
Units: Grams of carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per megajoule
of energy delivered (g CO₂e/MJ) on a higher-heating-value basis to align Chemicals and other business lines that do not primarily supply energy
with prior frameworks on gas value chain emissions and with heating products are excluded from this calculation.
values commonly used in commercial contracts.†
† Several prior product-intensity frameworks have used lower heating value for
intensity calculations.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
67