view from the lead director
dr. wanda austin
“innovative solutions are
needed to ensure energy is lower carbon,
affordable and reliable”
how does the Board of Directors oversee how is the role of technology evolving?
climate-related risks? Technology will play a major role in shaping the energy
Directors provide oversight and advice for navigating the evolving mix in both the near- and long-term future. Innovative solutions
landscape and furthering Chevron’s strategy to leverage its are needed to ensure energy is lower carbon, affordable and
strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. reliable. These solutions should consider lifecycle emissions and
The Board has deep expertise and broad experience across many be cost-effective and scalable. Although there is great focus on
disciplines. The Board’s four standing committees help our Board electrification, the world must look to many different solutions
fulfill its oversight responsibilities related to climate issues. For because reducing emissions in essential industries like air
example, the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee assists travel, shipping and heavy industry cannot be achieved through
the Board in identifying, monitoring and evaluating potential electrification alone. Chevron has a strategy that aims to advance
implications of climate-related policies and trends that affect lower carbon technologies that can be developed and deployed on
Chevron’s businesses and performance. the scale needed for meaningful carbon reduction in hard-to-abate
sectors, including its own.
how does the Board bring in new ideas?
The Board receives regular briefings from internal and what are your views on the path and pace
independent external subject matter experts and considers of the energy transition?
broad perspectives on climate change-related matters. In four Achieving a successful energy system of the future requires three
of the past five years, the Board participated in offsite strategy things: First, it must deliver solutions that meet customer needs,
sessions that included presentations by third-party experts on balancing affordability, reliability and lower carbon; second, given
issues related to climate change and the energy transition, such the scale of the energy system, these solutions must be scalable
as policies, regulations, technology and marketplace evolution. to be meaningful; third, once a solution works and is scalable, the
Fostering long-term and broad-based perspectives are also pace of transition can accelerate.
important Chevron objectives. The Board engages extensively
with external stakeholders, including stockholders, as an essential Chevron’s assets, the capabilities of its people and technology,
part of advancing the company’s environmental goals. Our and customers are distinct advantages in helping to meet the
Directors’ regular participation in these dialogues enhances the world’s energy and climate goals. I’m optimistic about the progress
Board’s effectiveness. Chevron is making, and I believe Chevron will play a major role in
shaping the energy system of the future.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
3