section 1: governance framework
Given the nature of climate change and its relevance to our
business, the entire Board addresses climate change-related
board and management oversight
issues, with the Board’s committees assisting the Board by
focusing on climate issues related to their respective functions.
Our climate-related governance is designed to manage The Board has four standing committees: Public Policy and
potential climate change-related risks and energy transition Sustainability; Audit; Board Nominating and Governance; and
opportunities. Board oversight, executive management and Management Compensation (Exhibit 1). Each Board committee
organizational capability are foundational elements to our
includes only independent Directors, and each is chaired by an
disciplined approach.
independent Director. Each committee has access to management,
company information and independent advisors. In 2020 and 2021,
the Board reviewed its governance of climate change-related risks
and energy transition opportunities with the aim of leveraging
the purview of the four standing committees and more clearly
1.1 board oversight
defining how each committee assists the Board with its oversight
responsibilities. As a result, the Board amended the charter of
Chevron’s Board of Directors oversees the company’s strategy and
each of the four standing committees to clearly articulate each
risk management, both of which include climate change issues. Our
committee’s responsibility in assisting the Board in its oversight
governance structure gives the Board multiple avenues to oversee
related to climate issues. Specifically, the Public Policy and
risks and opportunities, including those related to climate change.
Sustainability Committee’s charter was enhanced to underscore its
role in assisting the Board’s oversight of potential climate change-
The full Board annually reviews the company’s strategy,
related risks and energy transition opportunities.
including long-term energy outlooks and signposts on key trends.
The Board has access to education and training on climate-related
materials and to Chevron’s internal subject matter experts.
The Board also regularly receives briefings on climate-related
board engagement
issues, including policies, regulations, technology and adaptation.
The Board annually reviews Chevron’s Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) process, which assists the Board and executive leadership in The Board’s approach to governance and oversight is informed
by feedback from stakeholders. Members of the Board periodi-
overseeing key strategic risks for the company. Climate change is
cally engage stakeholders to discuss issues like climate change
addressed in a comprehensive manner in the ERM process
and to convey Chevron’s approach to the energy transition.
(see page 13). The viewpoints they hear on energy markets, geopolitics and
technology trends enable the Board to effectively deploy our
The full Board periodically meets with external experts to capital and human talent to achieve our higher returns, lower
carbon objective.
hear their perspectives on climate change and the energy
transition. Accessing external experts who have varying Chevron’s actions are directly informed by engaging with
viewpoints on the speed and scale of the energy transition our stockholders. In 2022, Chevron had over 90 one-on-one
environmental-, social- and governance-focused meetings with
may enable the Board to consider a range of risks and
stockholders representing approximately 50% of outstanding
opportunities arising from climate change.
common stock. Of these engagements, members of the Board
participated in environmental-, social- and governance-focused
meetings with stockholders representing approximately 28% of
outstanding common stock.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
7