4 The Procter & Gamble Company
Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and
other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business.
Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local,
regional or global economic or social disruptions. These disruptions have included and may in the future include: a slow-down,
recession or inflationary pressures in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; tighter credit markets for our
suppliers, vendors or customers; a significant shift in government policies; significant social unrest; the deterioration of
economic relations between countries or regions; potential negative consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources;
or the inability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries to pay funds to or collect funds from our
customers, vendors and suppliers. Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors,
contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in
their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Customers may also suffer financial hardships due to economic conditions such that their accounts
become uncollectible or are subject to longer collection cycles. In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income
and cash flow, it could affect the Company’s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments.
Changing political and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.
Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing
geopolitical conditions, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. Results of
elections, referendums, sanctions or other political processes and pressures in certain markets in which our products are
manufactured, sold or distributed have created and could continue to create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental
policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the
general movement of goods, materials, services, capital, data and people between countries. The potential implications of such
uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, variability and unpredictability in trade relations such as
U.S. trade relations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company’s
results of operations and cash flows.
The Company operates a global business with sales, manufacturing, distribution and research and development organizations
globally that contribute to our overall growth. If geopolitical tensions and trade controls continue to increase or disrupt our
business in markets where we have significant sales or operations, including disruptions due to governmental responses to such
conflicts (such as the imposition of sanctions, export controls, retaliatory tariffs, restrictions on cross-border data transfers,
increased business licensing requirements or limitations on profits), such disruptions could adversely impact our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our business, operations or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected (including by the need to de-
consolidate or even exit certain businesses in particular countries) by geopolitical conflicts, political volatility, trade controls,
labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions. This could include political
instability, upheaval or acts of war and the related responses of governments or other entities (including, but not limited to,
boycotts in certain regions), broad economic instability or sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the
creditworthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets.
For example, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted, and the situation it generates may continue
to negatively impact, our operations. Beginning in March 2022, the Company reduced its product portfolio, discontinued new
capital investments and suspended media, advertising and promotional activity in Russia. Future impacts to the Company are
difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty as to how the overall situation will continue to evolve. We may reduce
further or discontinue our operations in Russia due to sanctions and export controls and counter-sanctions, monetary, currency
or payment controls, restrictions on data transfers or access to financial institutions and services, supply and transportation
challenges or other circumstances and considerations. Ultimately, these could result in operational disruptions, loss of assets or
impairments of our manufacturing plants and fixed assets or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital.
More broadly, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings and cash flows should the situation worsen,
including, among other potential impacts, economic recessions in certain neighboring countries or globally due to inflationary
pressures, energy and supply chain cost increases or the geographic proximity of the war relative to the rest of Europe.
Changes in geopolitical conditions could also amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A, including,
but not limited to, foreign exchange volatility, disruptions to the financial and credit markets, energy supply and supply chain
disruptions, increased risks of an information security or operational technology incident, cost fluctuations and commodity cost
increases and increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations.
Disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to
credit or overall liquidity.
A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and
impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our
liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. In addition, we rely on top-tier banking partners in
key markets around the world, who themselves face economic, societal, political and other risks, for access to credit and to