66 The Procter & Gamble Company
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
The Company’s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon R. Moeller, and the Company’s Chief
Financial Officer, Andre Schulten, performed an evaluation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by
this report.
Messrs. Moeller and Schulten have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to
our management, including Messrs. Moeller and Schulten, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Reports on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting" and "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information.
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, none of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies
The Company has insider trading policies and procedures that govern the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities
by directors, officers and employees, as well as by the Company itself. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably
designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The Board of Directors has determined that the following members of the Audit Committee are independent and are Audit
Committee financial experts as defined by SEC rules: Mr. Brett Biggs, Ms. Christine McCarthy (Chair) and Ms. Patricia
Woertz.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2025: the subsection of the Proxy
Summary section entitled Code of Ethics; the section entitled Election of Directors; the subsection of the Corporate Governance
section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board; and the subsection of the Other Matters section entitled
Shareholder Recommendations or Nominations of Director Candidates. Pursuant to the Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S-
K, Executive Officers of the Registrant are reported in Part I of this report.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2025: the subsections of the Corporate
Governance section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation, and Risk Oversight - Compensation-Related Risk; and the portion beginning with the section entitled Director
Compensation up to but not including the section entitled Pay Versus Performance.