Our four focus areas are further
strengthening the execution of
our integrated growth strategy. Supply Digital
Chain Acumen
Citizenship Integrated
into Our Operations
I want to share perspective on P&G’s Citizenship Environmental Employee Value
work — why we do it and why it is important. Sustainability Equation
We see success in Citizenship as an opportunity to
create competitive advantage that drives shareholder
value. P&G’s ability to grow is directly connected to our
commitment to responsible business and doing good.
In turn, our ability to do good is strengthened by our
growth. We view our Citizenship work — community
what’s possible today and into the future. We look
impact, equality and inclusion, environmental
first at how we can reduce our impact from our own
sustainability and good governance — through this lens.
operations; second, how we can enable consumers
Take our work in Community Impact. We support those to reduce their footprint through superior products
in need because it is not only the right thing to do, but that are more sustainable; and third, how we can
it also builds trust and equity for P&G and our brands. create and scale cross-industry solutions to help
At the same time, it helps attract top recruits to P&G, reduce environmental impact.
and it is a point of pride for P&G employees, allowing
From P&G’s humble beginnings in 1837, good
us to retain our strong talent.
governance has been the foundation for all that we
Equality and Inclusion is good for our business because do. Guided by our Purpose, Values and Principles,
it broadens our ability to understand and delight the we are committed to doing what is right and to being
billions of consumers we serve around the world and a good corporate citizen. This is why consumers trust
retain the best and broadest pool of talent available us, partners do business with us, governments and
to best serve these increasingly diverse consumers. community leaders want to associate with us, and
Simply put, it helps us win, and we are committed to shareholders invest in us.
an equal, diverse and inclusive organization, culture
Citizenship approached this way — integrated into
and workplace for all.
every aspect of our operations — with initiatives
Environmental Sustainability is important because around community impact, equality and inclusion,
we will increasingly fail to delight consumers and environmental sustainability and good governance
customers if we are unable to make strides toward ultimately aimed at supporting sustainable growth
environmental sustainability. In the spirit of continual will enable us to delight all stakeholders: consumers,
progress, stretching ambitions keep us focused on customers, employees, society and our shareowners.
Consumer Customer Employee Society Shareowner