28 The Procter & Gamble Company
an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment,
market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the
countries in which the brands are sold. Determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives.
An impairment assessment for determinable-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances
indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. We use the
income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows
attributable to the respective assets. When appropriate, the market approach, which leverages comparable company revenue and
earnings multiples, is weighted with the income approach to estimate fair value. If the resulting fair value is less than the asset's
carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. Our annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets occurs during the three months ended December 31. Other than our Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset,
our goodwill reporting units and our indefinite-lived intangible assets have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying
carrying values.
As previously disclosed, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette
indefinite-lived intangible asset during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The impairment charge arose due to a higher
discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of a new restructuring program focused
primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value
of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was equivalent to the estimated fair value as of December 31, 2023.
Based on our impairment testing performed during the three months ended December 31, 2024, the Gillette indefinite-lived
intangible asset's fair value exceeds its carrying value by greater than 10%. As of June 30, 2025, the carrying value of the
Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was $12.8 billion. Adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic
environment including foreign currency devaluation, increasing global inflation, or market contraction from an economic
recession, could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset
and trigger a further impairment charge.
The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived
intangible asset are the net sales growth rates (including residual growth rates), discount rate and royalty rates.
Net sales growth rates could be negatively impacted by reductions or changes in demand for our Gillette products, which may
be caused by, among other things: changes in the use and frequency of grooming products, shifts in demand away from one or
more of our higher priced products to lower priced products or potential supply chain constraints. In addition, relative global
and country/regional macroeconomic factors could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries’ currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar. The residual growth rates represent the expected rate at which the Gillette brand is expected to grow
beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rates utilized in our fair value estimates are consistent
with the brand operating plans and approximates expected long-term category market growth rates. The residual growth rates
depend on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business
activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rates could be adversely impacted by a sustained
deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar or an increased
competitive environment.
The discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, including
consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse
changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as
further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair
value estimates for cash flows outside the U.S.
The royalty rate used to determine the estimated fair value for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is driven by historical
and estimated future profitability of the underlying Gillette business. The royalty rate may be impacted by significant adverse
changes in long-term operating margins.
We performed a sensitivity analysis for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset as part of our annual impairment testing
during the three months ended December 31, 2024, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the discount
rate, the short-term and residual growth rates and the royalty rates to demonstrate the potential impacts to the estimated fair
values. The table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis-point increase in the
discount rate, a 25 basis-point decrease in our shorter-term and residual growth rates, or a 50 basis-point decrease in our royalty
rates.
Approximate Percent Change in Estimated Fair Value
+25 bps -25 bps -50 bps
Discount Rate Growth Rate Royalty Rate
Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset (5)% (5)% (4)%
See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible assets.