The Procter & Gamble Company • iii
Delivering irresistible superiority holistically requires Our proprietary data platform enables brands to use
ongoing investment, which is why productivity must target audience algorithms to serve ads at the right
be as ingrained in our culture as innovation. frequency each week, all year round — more effective
reach and more cost efficient. As a result, in the past
five years the average media reach has increased to
Productivity to Fuel Growth
80% in the U.S. and to 75% in Europe.
and Value Creation
We are also investing in retail media to reach consumers
Productivity is required to fund investments in closer to when they purchase, particularly in Retailer
superiority, to strengthen organization effectiveness Search, the largest element of retail media spending.
and efficiency, to offset inevitable cost and currency We use a proprietary program that automatically adjusts
challenges, and to deliver strong cash generation. search ad buying every 15 minutes on retailer search
In short, productivity is required for sustained platforms, increasing brand sales return by four times
growth and value creation. and driving category growth.
Every day, we continue to pursue the many Productivity is not new to P&G. It is an essential
opportunities to drive efficiency up and down choice that fuels every element of our strategy.
our profit and loss statement and across our
balance sheet. Constructive Disruption to
Our Supply Chain is one of our biggest sources of Extend Competitive Advantage
productivity. Across our production lines, automation
technologies continue to play a key role in accelerating We will continue the constructive disruption of
supply chain progress in our manufacturing sites. ourselves and our industry — changing, adapting
We are now at the stage where real-time vision cameras and creating new ideas, technologies and capabilities
on many of our manufacturing lines are capturing visual that will extend our competitive advantage.
data and applying advanced algorithms to analyze
For example, Tide evo represents one of the most
a greater number of products for superior quality —
significant innovations in laundry in over a century,
driving productivity, while delivering superior quality.
crafted by concentrating active surfactant ingredients
We are investing in advanced supply planning into a mixture that is spun into individual fibers. This
technologies to better anticipate consumer demand sophisticated process ensures each “functional” fiber
and adjust production and inventory levels accordingly, delivers the powerful cleaning performance of Tide, in
helping minimize out of stocks, overproduction and fully recyclable packaging with no plastic bottles and
waste. We have enhanced collaboration across retailers no extra water. This new-to-the-world formulation and
and suppliers through these unified digital platforms, assembly process is proprietary to P&G and protected
facilitating real-time information sharing and decision- by over 50 granted patents, making it a truly unique
making, and driving shelf availability — building trust and disruptive technology. In test market stores, Tide
and enabling joint value creation. evo sales have been highly incremental to category
growth and retailer demand has been well above
In Brand Building, we are increasingly using
initial expectations.
programmatic and algorithm-based media buying to
enable brands to reach the widest range of consumers Disruption is part of everyday life now, and we intend
where they are most receptive to our brand messages. to lead it constructively in our industry and categories.
Ad Spend & Working
Materials Manufacturing Overhead
Promotion Capital
Productivity is integrated into our strategy. We are delivering the same or better
output measures with lower spending or resource investment.