The Procter & Gamble Company 17
Tampax brands with over 35% global market share. We also compete in the adult incontinence sub-category behind Always
Discreet, with over 15% market share in the markets in which we compete. Our family care business is predominantly a North
American business comprised primarily of the Bounty paper towel and Charmin toilet paper brands. North America market
shares are over 40% for Bounty and over 25% for Charmin.
Enterprise Markets
Enterprise Markets are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by SBU-agreed innovation and
supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management.
Corporate Functions
Corporate Functions provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external
relations, governance, human resources, information technology and legal services.
Global Business Services
Global Business Services provides scaled services in technology, process and data tools to enable the SBUs, the EMs and CF to
better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class services and solutions
that drive value for P&G.
Strategic Focus
Procter & Gamble aspires to serve the world’s consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every
country in which we compete and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Delivering
and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash
generation.
Our strategy is to deliver and sustain value creation through five integrated choices: a portfolio of daily-use products where
performance drives brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value;
productivity; constructive disruption of the entire value chain; and a highly efficient and effective organization structure.
The Company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in the consumer's choice of
brands, and therefore, plays to P&G's strengths. Our focused portfolio of businesses consists of product categories where P&G
has strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies with typically leadership market positions.
Within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on delighting and winning with consumers. Our consumers are at the
center of everything we do. We win with consumers by delivering irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product
performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. Winning with consumers around the world and
against our best competitors requires superior innovation. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P&G’s lifeblood.
Superior products delivered with superior execution drive market growth, value creation for retailers and build share growth for
P&G.
Ongoing productivity improvement is strategic and crucial to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash
generation and value creation objectives. Productivity improvement enables investments to strengthen the superiority of our
brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand
advertising and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and research and development programs. Productivity
improvements also enable us to mitigate and manage through periods of challenging cost environments (including periods of
increasing commodity, inflation and negative foreign exchange impacts). Our objective is to drive productivity improvements
across all elements of the statement of earnings and balance sheet, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional
spending, overhead costs and capital spending.
We act with agility and are constructively disrupting our highly competitive industry and the way we do business, including
how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value.
We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities,
accountability and incentive compensation programs.
Additionally, to further strengthen our integrated strategy, we have declared four focus areas. These are 1) leveraging
environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, 2) increasing
digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost and enable rapid and efficient decision making, 3)
developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience and a new level of productivity and 4)
delivering a superior employee value equation for all employees inclusive of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations,
ages and abilities to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent to better serve our increasingly diverse
consumer base.
We believe this strategy is right for the long-term health of the Company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return
in the top one-third of our peer group.
The Company expects the delivery of the following long-term growth algorithm will result in total shareholder returns in the
top third of the competitive, fast-moving consumer goods peer group:
• Organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete;