32 The Procter & Gamble Company
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of The Procter &
Gamble Company (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America.
Strong internal controls is an objective that is reinforced through our Worldwide Business Conduct Manual, which sets forth our
commitment to conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and the spirit of the law. Our people are deeply
committed to our Purpose, Values and Principles, which unite us in doing what’s right. Our system of internal controls includes
written policies and procedures, segregation of duties and the careful selection and development of employees. Additional key
elements of our internal control structure include our Global Leadership Council, which is actively involved in oversight of the
business strategies, initiatives, results and controls, our Disclosure Committee, which is responsible for evaluating disclosure
implications of significant business activities and events, our Board of Directors, which provides strong and effective corporate
governance, and our Audit Committee, which reviews critical accounting policies and estimates, financial reporting and internal
control matters.
Global Internal Audit performs audits of internal controls over financial reporting as well as broader financial, operational and
compliance audits around the world, provides training and continually improves our internal control processes. The Company’s
internal control over financial reporting also includes a robust Control Self-Assessment Program that is conducted annually on
critical financial reporting areas of the Company. Management takes the appropriate action to correct any identified control
deficiencies.
Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may
not prevent or detect misstatements due to the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur that are not detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may
vary over time.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, using
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) and concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on these criteria.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, as stated in their report which is included herein.
/s/ Jon R. Moeller
(Jon R. Moeller)
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Andre Schulten
(Andre Schulten)
Chief Financial Officer
August 4, 2025