The Procter & Gamble Company 33
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of The Procter & Gamble Company and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income,
Shareholders' Equity, and Cash Flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
and our report dated August 4, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that
are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Intangible Assets — Gillette Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset — Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company’s evaluation of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset (the “Gillette Brand”) for impairment involves the
comparison of the fair value to its carrying value. The Company estimates fair value using the income method, which is based
on the present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the respective asset. This requires management to make
significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future net sales and earnings, including growth rates beyond a 10-
year time period, royalty rate and discount rate. Changes in the assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair
value, the amount of any impairment charge, or both. The Company performed their annual impairment assessment of the
Gillette Brand as of October 1, 2024. Because the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value, no impairment was
recorded. As of June 30, 2025, the carrying value of the Gillette Brand was $12.8 billion.
We identified the Company’s impairment evaluation of the Gillette Brand as a critical audit matter because of the significant
judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. A high degree of auditor
judgment and an increased extent of effort was required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of
management’s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future net sales and earnings as well as the selection of
royalty rate and discount rate, including the need to involve our fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to forecasts of future net sales and earnings and the selection of the royalty rate and discount rate
for the Gillette Brand included the following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Gillette Brand, including those over the determination of fair value, such as
controls related to management’s development of forecasts of future net sales and earnings, and the selection of royalty rate
and discount rate.