The Procter & Gamble Company 59
exposure correlation and netting. To the extent we choose to manage volatility associated with the net exposures, we enter into
various financial transactions that we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and
hedging activities. These financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure,
instrument types and other hedging practices.
If the Company elects to do so and if the instrument meets certain specified accounting criteria, management designates
derivative instruments as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges or net investment hedges. We record derivative instruments at fair
value and the accounting for changes in the fair value depends on the intended use of the derivative, the resulting designation
and the effectiveness of the instrument in offsetting the risk exposure it is designed to hedge. We generally have a high degree
of effectiveness between the exposure being hedged and the hedging instrument.
Credit Risk Management
We have counterparty credit guidelines and normally enter into transactions with investment grade financial institutions, to the
extent commercially viable. Counterparty exposures are monitored daily and downgrades in counterparty credit ratings are
reviewed on a timely basis. We have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, material credit losses on our risk management or
other financial instruments.
Certain of the Company's financial instruments used in hedging transactions are governed by industry standard netting and
collateral agreements with counterparties. If the Company's credit rating were to fall below the levels stipulated in the
agreements, the counterparties could demand either collateralization or termination of the arrangements. The aggregate fair
value of the instruments covered by these contractual features that are in a net liability position was $1,061 and $307 as of
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company has not been required to post collateral as a result of these contractual
features.
Interest Rate Risk Management
Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk in a cost-efficient
manner, we enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the counterparty, at specified intervals, the
difference between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount.
We designate certain interest rate swaps on fixed-rate debt that meet specific accounting criteria as fair value hedges. For fair
value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the underlying debt obligations are immediately
recognized in earnings.
Foreign Currency Risk Management
We manufacture and sell our products and finance our operations in a number of countries throughout the world. As a result, we
are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company’s diversified portfolio of exposures as
a natural hedge. In certain cases, we enter into non-qualifying foreign currency contracts to hedge certain balance sheet items
subject to revaluation. The change in fair value of these instruments and the underlying exposure are both immediately
recognized in earnings.
To manage exchange rate risk related to our intercompany financing, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps.
The change in fair value of these non-qualifying instruments is immediately recognized in earnings, substantially offsetting the
foreign currency mark-to-market impact of the related exposure.
Net Investment Hedging
We hedge certain net investment positions in foreign subsidiaries. To accomplish this, we either borrow directly in foreign
currencies and designate all or a portion of the foreign currency debt as a hedge of the applicable net investment position or we
enter into foreign currency swaps that are designated as hedges of net investments. The time value component of the net
investment hedge currency swaps is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Changes in the fair value of the
swap, including changes in the fair value of the excluded time value component, are recognized in OCI and offset the value of
the net investment being hedged. The time value component is subsequently reported in income on a systematic basis.
Commodity Risk Management
Certain raw materials used in our products or production processes are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply
conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. As of and during the fiscal years ended June 30,
2025 and 2024, we did not have any financial commodity hedging activity.
Insurance
We self-insure for most insurable risks. However, we purchase insurance for Directors and Officers Liability and certain other
coverage where it is required by law or by contract.
Fair Value Hierarchy
Accounting guidance on fair value measurements for certain financial assets and liabilities requires that financial assets and
liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:
• Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
• Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.