The Procter & Gamble Company 25
complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. As necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with
debt to fund these activities. The overall cash position of the Company reflects our strong business results and a global cash
management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations.
Cash Flow Analysis
($ millions) 2025 2024
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 17,817 $ 19,846
Net cash used in investing activities (3,818) (3,504)
Net cash used in financing activities (14,036) (14,855)
Adjusted Free Cash Flow 14,606 16,946
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity 87 % 105 %
Operating Cash Flow
Operating cash flow was $17.8 billion in 2025, a 10% decrease versus the prior year. Net earnings, adjusted for certain non-
cash items (depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and loss on sale of assets)
generated approximately $20.3 billion of operating cash flow. Working capital and other impacts consumed $2.5 billion of cash
in the period. Accounts receivable decreased slightly resulting in $45 million of cash flow help. Days sales outstanding were
flat. Total inventories increased, consuming $324 million of cash, driven primarily by increased safety stock levels and higher
commodity costs. These increased input costs and higher inventory levels resulted in a four-day increase in days on hand.
Accounts payable decreased, resulting in $542 million use of cash, primarily driven by marketing and overhead activities. Other
impacts reduced cash by $1.7 billion primarily driven by postretirement benefit impacts of $806, the payment of the transitional
tax related to the 2017 U.S. Tax Act of $562 and a reduction in compensation and marketing accruals.
Adjusted Free Cash Flow. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important non-GAAP measure because it is a factor
impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. It is
defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the 2017
U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk
compensation.
Adjusted free cash flow was $14.6 billion in 2025, a decrease of 14% versus the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven
by the decrease in operating cash flows as discussed above. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of
adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to
the divestiture of operations in Argentina, was 87% in 2025.
Investing Cash Flow
Net investing activities used $3.8 billion of cash in 2025, primarily due to capital expenditures.
Financing Cash Flow
Net financing activities used $14.0 billion of cash in 2025, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock
purchases, partially offset by the impact of stock options and other and a net debt increase.
Liquidity
At June 30, 2025, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $10.7 billion, largely due to accounts payable, short-term
borrowings and debt due within one year. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs
largely through cash generated from operations. The Company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to
fund these needs. As of June 30, 2025, the Company had $8.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents related to foreign
subsidiaries, primarily in various European and Asian countries. We did not have material cash and cash equivalents related to
any country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our ability to access or repatriate the funds. Under current
law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our
overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future.
We utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. We have strong
short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due
in commercial paper and bond markets. In addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if
needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements.
On June 30, 2025, our short-term credit ratings were P-1 (Moody's) and A-1+ (Standard & Poor's), while our long-term credit
ratings were Aa3 (Moody's) and AA- (Standard & Poor's), all with a stable outlook.
We maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. The current facility is an $8.0 billion
facility split between a $3.2 billion five-year facility and a $4.8 billion 364-day facility, which expire in October 2029 and
October 2025, respectively. Both facilities can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in the terms of the credit
agreement. These facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain undrawn. These credit facilities do not
have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. In addition