Dear
Shareowners,
P&G delivered continued organic sales and core
earnings-per-share growth and returned significant
cash to shareowners in fiscal year 2025, despite
volatile macro-economic, geopolitical and
Jon R. Moeller
consumer headwinds.
Chairman of the Board, President
Organic sales for the fiscal year grew 2%. Core
and Chief Executive Officer
earnings per share grew 4%. On a currency-neutral
basis, core earnings per share were also up 4%.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 87%.
The last quarter was our 39th consecutive quarter of
top-line growth. Fiscal 2025 was our ninth consecutive
year of core earnings-per-share growth. deliver at the beginning of the year, growth
in this dynamic and volatile environment is
Growth was broad-based across categories and regions.
worth acknowledging.
Nine of 10 product categories grew organic sales
Looking ahead, the opportunities for growth and
for the year. Family Care and Personal Health Care
value creation are significant. For example, there are
each grew mid-single digits. Fabric Care, Home
opportunities to better meet the needs among currently
Care, Feminine Care, Hair Care, Grooming, Oral Care,
unserved and underserved consumers, expand into
and Skin & Personal Care were up low single digits.
new segments and grow markets to best-in-class levels.
Baby Care was down low single digits.
Positioning ourselves to best capture these growth
opportunities benefits from disciplined execution of
Focus markets grew 2% for the year, with North
our integrated growth strategy, with a focus on driving
America up 2% and Europe Focus markets up 3%.
category growth and value creation.
Enterprise markets were up 2%, led by Latin America
However, the world continues to change in dynamic
with 4% organic sales growth.
and volatile ways. Category growth rates in many
E-commerce sales increased 12%, now representing parts of the world are slowing. Consumers face greater
19% of Company total. uncertainty. Competition is fierce. The geopolitical
environment is unpredictable. And technology is
Thirty of our top 50 category/country combinations
rapidly transforming nearly every aspect of daily life.
held or grew share for the year. Seven of 10 product
categories held or grew share globally over the To meet these opportunities and challenges, we
past year. need to widen our margin of advantage. This requires
even greater focus on strengthening each component
On the bottom line, we delivered 4% core earnings-
of our integrated strategy, which has enabled strong
per-share growth despite the higher costs from
results, to capture the opportunities it creates.
commodities and tariffs we faced throughout the year.
This is the path P&G is on.
We increased our dividend by 5% and returned over
$16 billion of cash to shareowners through nearly P&G’s Integrated Strategic
$10 billion in dividends and $6.5 billion in share
Choices to Win
repurchase — consistent with our guidance at the
start of the year. This is the 69th consecutive annual
Our integrated strategy — a portfolio of daily-use
dividend increase, and the 135th consecutive year
categories where performance drives brand choice;
P&G has paid a dividend.
superiority across product, package, brand
In summary, sales and earnings growth and strong communication, retail execution, and value;
cash return in a challenging economic and geopolitical productivity; constructive disruption; all enabled by
environment. While not at the levels we aspired to an empowered, agile and accountable organization.