20 The Procter & Gamble Company
store and online) and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as
our pricing actions (which can also impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign exchange impacts on
sales outside the U.S.
Our cost of products sold and SG&A are variable in nature to some extent. Accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs
focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. The primary drivers of
changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross
margins in North America are generally higher than the Company average for similar products), product mix (for example, the
Beauty segment has higher gross margins than the Company average), foreign exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where
certain input costs may be tied to a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts of manufacturing
savings projects and reinvestments (for example, product or package improvements) and, to a lesser extent, scale impacts (for
costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). The primary components of SG&A are marketing-related costs and non-
manufacturing overhead costs. Marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature, although we may achieve some level of
scale benefit over time due to overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. While overhead costs are variable to some
extent, we generally experience more scale-related impacts for these costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and
systems' infrastructures to support business growth. The main drivers of changes in SG&A as a percentage of net sales are
overhead and marketing cost savings, reinvestments (for example, increased advertising), inflation, foreign exchange
fluctuations and scale impacts.
For a detailed discussion of the fiscal 2024 year-over-year changes, please refer to the MD&A in Part II, Item 7 of the
Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.
Net Sales
Net sales increased $245 million to $84.3 billion in fiscal 2025 as an increase in net sales driven by pricing of 1% was mostly
offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Volume and mix were unchanged versus the prior year.
Net sales increased low single digits in Health Care and was unchanged in Grooming, Fabric & Home Care and Baby, Feminine
& Family Care. Net sales decreased low single digits in Beauty. Organic sales, which exclude the impacts of acquisitions and
divestitures and foreign exchange, increased 2%. Organic sales increased low single digits in all Sector Business Units.
Operating Costs
Comparisons as a percentage of net sales; fiscal years ended June 30 2025 2024 Basis Point Change
Gross margin 51.2 % 51.4 % (20) bps
Selling, general and administrative expense 26.9 % 27.7 % (80) bps
Operating margin 24.3 % 22.1 % 220 bps
Earnings before income taxes 23.9 % 22.3 % 160 bps
Net earnings 19.1 % 17.8 % 130 bps
Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble 19.0 % 17.7 % 130 bps
Gross margin decreased 20 basis points to 51.2% of net sales. The decrease in gross margin was due to:
• 110 basis points of decline from unfavorable product mix,
• 50 basis points of product and packaging investments,
• 30 basis points of higher commodity costs,
• 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange impacts,
• 10 basis points of higher transportation costs and other costs and
• 10 basis points of higher costs from tariffs.
These decreases were partially offset by:
• 180 basis points of manufacturing productivity savings and
• 30 basis points of increase due to higher pricing.
Total SG&A decreased 3% to $22.7 billion and SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased 80 basis points to 26.9% due to
decreased marketing spending and higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period.
• Marketing spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 50 basis points due to a decrease in marketing spending and
productivity savings.
• Overhead costs as a percentage of net sales decreased 10 basis points as wage inflation headwinds were more than offset by
productivity savings, which includes adjustments to variable compensation payouts.
• Other operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 basis points driven by favorable foreign exchange
impacts.
Productivity-driven cost savings delivered 140 basis points of benefit to SG&A as a percentage of net sales.