2 The Procter & Gamble Company
Government Regulation. Our Company is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we
do business. In the United States, many of our products and manufacturing operations are subject to one or more federal or state
regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Consumer Product
Safety Commission (CPSC). We are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, and antitrust and competition laws and regulations that govern our dealings with suppliers, customers,
competitors and government officials.
In addition, many foreign jurisdictions in which we do business have regulations and regulatory bodies that govern similar
aspects of our operations and products, in some cases to an even more significant degree. We are also subject to expanding laws
and regulations related to environmental protection and other sustainability-related matters, non-financial reporting and
diligence, labor and employment, trade, taxation and privacy and data protection, including the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation and similar regulations in states within the United States and in countries around the world.
The Company has in place compliance programs and internal and external experts to help guide our business in complying with
these and other existing laws and regulations that apply to us around the globe; and we have made, and plan to continue
making, necessary expenditures for compliance with these laws and regulations. We also expect that our many suppliers,
consultants and other third parties working on our behalf share our commitment to compliance, and we have policies and
procedures in place to manage these relationships, though they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over operations and
governance. We do not expect that the Company’s expenditures for compliance with current government regulations, including
current environmental regulations, will have a material effect on our total capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position
in fiscal year 2026 as compared to prior periods.
Human Capital. Our employees are a key source of competitive advantage. Their actions, guided by our Purpose, Values and
Principles (PVPs), are critical to the long-term success of our business. We aim to retain our talented employees by offering
competitive compensation and benefits, strong career development and a respectful and inclusive culture that provides equal
opportunity for all.
Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (C&LD Committee), provides
oversight of the Company’s policies and strategy relating to talent, including equality and inclusion, as well as the Company’s
compensation principles and practices. The C&LD Committee also evaluates and approves the Company’s compensation plans,
policies and programs applicable to our senior executives.
Employees
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had approximately 109,000 employees, an increase of 2% versus the prior year due to
business growth. The total number of employees is an estimate of total Company employees excluding interns, co-ops,
contractors and employees of joint ventures. 49% of our employees are in manufacturing roles and 28% of our employees are
located in the United States. 42% of our global employees are women and 32% of our U.S. employees identify as multicultural.
Training and Development
We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the broadest pool of talent available, both from universities and the broader
market. We recruit from universities across markets in which we compete and are generally able to select from the top talent.
We focus on developing our employees by providing a variety of job experiences, training programs and skill development
opportunities. Given our develop-from-within model for staffing most of our senior leadership positions, it is particularly
important for us to ensure holistic growth and full engagement of our employees.
Equality and Inclusion
As a global consumer products company, P&G serves consumers around the world with operations in approximately 70
countries. We believe that it is good for business that our workforce is drawn from the best available talent from communities
worldwide, with insights about, connectivity to and understanding of all our consumers. Further, a foundational component of
P&G's strategy and success has been to foster an inclusive work environment, in which we develop and advance the very best
capabilities that all our people have to offer. Globally, we aspire to reflect the diversity of the consumers we serve in the
communities where we operate and are committed to creating a superior employee experience for all. Our aspiration is founded
on our longstanding values and principles for equal opportunity and compliance with the law.
Compensation and Benefits
Market-competitive compensation and reward programs are critical elements of our employee value equation to attract and
retain the best talent. Our total rewards programs are based on the principles of paying for performance, paying competitively
versus peer companies that we compete with for talent in the marketplace and focusing on long-term success through a
combination of short-term and long-term incentive programs. We also offer competitive benefit programs, including retirement
plans and health insurance, in line with local country practices, with flexibility to accommodate the needs of a diverse
workforce.
Sustainability. Environmental sustainability is integrated into our business strategy. We are focused on designing and
manufacturing irresistibly superior products that are more sustainable. We aim to reduce our own environmental footprint and