42 The Procter & Gamble Company
New Accounting Pronouncements and Policies
On July 1, 2024, we adopted the Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-07, “Segment Reporting: Improvements to
Reportable Segment Disclosures". This guidance requires disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and
interim basis. This amendment was effective for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, and will be effective for our interim
periods within the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. This standard was applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the
financial statements and resulted in additional disclosures. See Note 2.
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes:
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures". This guidance requires consistent categories and greater disaggregation of
information in the rate reconciliation and disclosures of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This amendment is effective for our
fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. The guidance will require additional disclosures in the Income Taxes footnote but will not
have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense
Disaggregation Disclosures: Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses”. This guidance requires disclosures about
significant expense categories, including but not limited to, inventory purchases, employee compensation, depreciation,
amortization and selling expenses. This amendment is effective for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2028 and our interim periods
within the fiscal year ending June 30, 2029. We are currently assessing the impact of this guidance on our disclosures.
No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had, or is expected to have, a material impact
on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
NOTE 2
SEGMENT INFORMATION
Under U.S. GAAP, our operating segments are aggregated into five reportable segments: 1) Beauty, 2) Grooming, 3) Health
Care, 4) Fabric & Home Care and 5) Baby, Feminine & Family Care. Our five reportable segments are comprised of:
• Beauty: Hair Care (Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments); Personal Care (Antiperspirants and Deodorants,
Personal Cleansing); Skin Care (Facial Moisturizers, Cleaners and Treatments);
• Grooming: Grooming (Appliances, Female Blades & Razors, Male Blades & Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other
Grooming);
• Health Care: Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral Care); Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief,
Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care);
• Fabric & Home Care: Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents); Home Care (Air Care,
Dish Care, P&G Professional, Surface Care); and
• Baby, Feminine & Family Care: Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants); Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence,
Menstrual Care); Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper).
While none of our reportable segments are highly seasonal, components within certain reportable segments, such as Appliances
(Grooming) and Personal Health Care (Health), are seasonal.
The accounting policies of the segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1. Differences between these policies
and U.S. GAAP primarily reflect income taxes, which are reflected in the segments using applicable blended statutory rates.
Adjustments to arrive at our effective tax rate are included in Corporate. In addition, capital expenditures in the segments are on
an accrual basis consistent with the balance sheet. Adjustments to move from an accrual to cash basis, for purposes of the cash
flow statement, are reflected in Corporate.
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities that are not reflected in the operating results used internally to
measure and evaluate the businesses, as well as items to adjust management reporting principles to U.S. GAAP. Operating
activities in Corporate include the results of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Operating elements also
include certain employee benefit costs, the costs of certain restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure,
including manufacturing and workforce optimization, asset impairment charges and other general Corporate items. The non-
operating elements in Corporate primarily include interest expense, certain pension and other postretirement benefit costs,
certain acquisition and divestiture gains, interest and investing income and other financing costs.
The Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer. As the Company allocates taxes to
individual segments, the CODM uses Earnings before income taxes and Net earnings to assess segment performance and
allocate resources in the budgeting and forecasting process. The CODM does not use assets by segment to evaluate
performance or allocate resources. Therefore, we do not disclose assets by segment.
A mounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.