40 The Procter & Gamble Company
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE 1
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Nature of Operations
The Procter & Gamble Company's (the "Company," "Procter & Gamble," "we" or "us") business is focused on providing
branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories
primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club
stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores),
high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-
the-ground operations in about 70 countries.
Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions are
eliminated.
Use of Estimates
Preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated
Financial Statements and accompanying disclosures. These estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current
events and actions the Company may undertake in the future. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other items,
consumer and trade promotion accruals, restructuring reserves, pensions, postretirement benefits, stock options, valuation of
acquired intangible assets, useful lives for depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets, future cash flows associated with
impairment testing for goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and liabilities,
uncertain income tax positions and contingencies. Actual results may ultimately differ from estimates, although management
does not generally believe such differences would materially affect the financial statements in any individual year. However,
regarding ongoing impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, significant deterioration in future cash
flow projections or other assumptions used in estimating fair values versus those anticipated at the time of the initial valuations,
could result in impairment charges that materially affect the financial statements in a given year.
Revenue Recognition
Our revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. Those sales predominantly contain a single
performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer, which
can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer. A provision for payment discounts and product return
allowances is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period the revenue is recognized. The revenue recorded is presented
net of sales and other taxes we collect on behalf of governmental authorities. The revenue includes shipping and handling costs,
which generally are included in the list price to the customer.
Trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances, merchandising funds and consumer coupons, are
offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending, which is
recognized as incurred at the time of the sale. Most of these arrangements have terms of approximately one year. Accruals for
expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued marketing and promotion in the Accrued and other liabilities
line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Cost of Products Sold
Cost of products sold is primarily comprised of direct materials and supplies consumed in the manufacturing of product, as well
as manufacturing labor, depreciation expense and direct overhead expenses necessary to acquire and convert the purchased
materials and supplies into finished products. Cost of products sold also includes the cost to distribute products to customers,
inbound freight costs, customs and duties, internal transfer costs, warehousing costs and other shipping and handling activity.
Selling, General and Administrative Expense
Selling, general and administrative expense (SG&A) is primarily comprised of marketing expenses, selling expenses, research
and development costs, administrative and other indirect overhead costs, depreciation and amortization expense on non-
manufacturing assets and other miscellaneous operating items. Research and development costs are charged to expense as
incurred and were $2.1 billion in 2025 and $2.0 billion in 2024 and 2023. Advertising costs, charged to expense as incurred,
include television, print, radio, digital and in-store advertising expenses and were $9.2 billion in 2025, $9.6 billion in 2024 and
$8.0 billion in 2023. Non-advertising related components of the Company's total marketing spending reported in SG&A include
costs associated with consumer promotions, product sampling and sales aids.
Other Non-Operating Income, Net
Other non-operating income, net primarily includes divestiture gains, net non-service impacts related to postretirement benefit
plans, investment income, accumulated foreign currency translation losses recognized upon the substantial liquidation of
foreign operations and other non-operating items.
A mounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.