The Procter & Gamble Company 41
Currency Translation
Financial statements of operating subsidiaries outside the U.S. generally are measured using the local currency as the functional
currency. Adjustments to translate those statements into U.S. dollars are recorded in Other comprehensive income (OCI). For
subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency. Re-measurement adjustments
for financial statements in highly inflationary economies and other transactional exchange gains and losses are reflected in
earnings.
Cash Flow Presentation
The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are prepared using the indirect method, which reconciles net earnings to cash flows
from operating activities. Cash flows from foreign currency transactions and operations are translated at monthly exchange rates
for each period. Cash flows from hedging activities are included in the same category as the items being hedged. Cash flows
from derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges are classified as investing activities. Realized gains and losses
from non-qualifying derivative instruments used to hedge currency exposures resulting from intercompany financing
transactions are classified as financing activities. Cash flows from other derivative instruments used to manage interest rates,
commodity or other currency exposures are classified as operating activities. Cash payments related to income taxes are
classified as operating activities.
Investments
The Company holds minor equity investments in certain companies over which we exert significant influence, but do not
control the financial and operating decisions. These are accounted for as equity method investments. Other equity investments
that are not controlled, over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence, and for which there is a readily
determinable market value, are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments
without readily determinable fair values are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity
investments are included as Other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company also holds highly liquid investments, primarily money market funds and time deposits. Such investments are
considered cash equivalents and are included within Cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Product-related inventories are maintained on the first-in,
first-out method. The cost of spare part inventories is maintained using the average-cost method.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost reduced by accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is recognized
over the assets' estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Machinery and equipment includes office furniture and
fixtures (15-year life), computer equipment and capitalized software (3- to 5-year lives) and manufacturing equipment (3- to 20-
year lives). Buildings are depreciated over an estimated useful life of 40 years. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed
and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset
lives may be adjusted and an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if
indicators of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment testing of goodwill is performed separately from our
impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets.
We have acquired brands that have been determined to have indefinite lives. We evaluate several factors to determine whether
an indefinite life is appropriate, including the competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life
cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. In addition, when
certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an additional impairment assessment is performed and indefinite-lived
assets may be adjusted to a determinable life.
The cost of intangible assets with determinable useful lives is amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed,
either on a straight-line or accelerated basis over the estimated periods benefited. Patents, technology and other intangible assets
with contractual terms are generally amortized over their respective legal or contractual lives. Customer relationships, brands
and other non-contractual intangible assets with determinable lives are amortized over periods generally ranging from 5 to 30
years. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is performed and remaining
lives of intangible assets with determinable lives may be adjusted.
For additional details on goodwill and intangible assets see Note 4.
Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Certain financial instruments are required to be recorded at fair value. Changes in assumptions or estimation methods could
affect the fair value estimates; however, we do not believe any such changes would have a material impact on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Other financial instruments, including cash equivalents, certain investments and
certain short-term debt, are recorded at cost, which approximates fair value. The fair values of long-term debt and financial
instruments are disclosed in Note 9.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.