viii • The Procter & Gamble Company
Highly Capable and Experienced Ivory was outselling White soap by 400% because it
checked every box, not only a superior product, but
Leadership Going Forward
superior packaging, brand communication, retail
execution and value as well — irresistible superiority.
On July 28, we announced that I will transition into
the role of Executive Chairman of the Board beginning The point is that P&G’s strategy, while the words
January 1, 2026, and that the Board of Directors has may be different, is largely how this Company has
elected Shailesh Jejurikar as the incoming President succeeded and thrived for generations — focused
and Chief Executive Officer. squarely on consumers and understanding and serving
them better than competition with superior brand
This move has been thoughtfully planned and provides
offerings. We remain steadfast in this commitment,
P&G with highly capable and experienced leadership
and we are creating the financial, organizational and
going forward.
innovation portfolio conditions necessary to best
Shailesh has a distinguished track record throughout position ourselves in this pursuit.
his 36-year P&G career and has been an integral part
The year ahead will be challenging. However, we remain
of P&G’s leadership team for the past 12 years. He has
as confident as ever in our strategy and in our ability
delivered substantial contributions across multiple
to drive market growth and to deliver balanced growth
businesses and in both Focus and Enterprise markets,
and value creation to delight consumers, customers,
including regional and global leadership of our Fabric
employees, society and shareowners. And we are taking
and Home Care categories. Most recently, Shailesh
steps to drive better execution and more investment in
served as Chief Operating Officer with profit and loss
the strategy to grow markets and improve our ability to
ownership for our Enterprise markets business, along
achieve our growth and value creation objectives.
with management responsibilities for our Product
Supply, Market Operations, Global Business Services My confidence could not be higher in the collective
and IT organizations. ability of P&G people to deliver. This Company has
survived and thrived for more than 185 years because
Shailesh has been a partner in advocating for a focus
of our ability to adapt and change, and because of our
on balanced top- and bottom-line growth and the need
enduring commitment to winning.
for P&G brands to lead the growth of our markets —
growing markets versus simply taking business to build We are going to face the challenges our world presents
market share. These fundamentals guide our decision us straight on. We will not blink. We will not flinch.
making as we execute our integrated growth strategy
and drive value creation for shareowners.
Our strategy is working, and our leadership bench
is strong. As we cross the next calendar year, it is a
good time to transition to the next generation to
lead the P&G team through its next chapter of top-
and bottom-line growth and value creation. JON R. MOELLER
Chairman of the Board, President
P&G: Well Positioned for
and Chief Executive Officer
the Future
Looking ahead, P&G is well positioned to capture the
significant growth opportunities in our categories and
overcome the challenges of the external environment.
Consumers seek out our brands and use them daily
because of their superior benefits — holistically
defined — in order to best accomplish the jobs they
need to perform for themselves and their families.
Doing this is in P&G’s DNA. Take the example of Ivory
soap. It was introduced as White soap in 1878. But every
soap maker sold a “white” soap. Understanding this, the
Company tried something new — branding, advertising
and improved go-to-market techniques. Within a year