24 The Procter & Gamble Company
• Baby Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume, unfavorable foreign
exchange and divestitures were partially offset by favorable geographic and product mix (due to a higher proportion of
premium-priced diapers). Unit volume decreased across all regions (due to increased competitive activity, market
contraction and distribution losses) except unit volume increased in Greater China (due to share gains). Organic sales
decreased low single digits driven by declines across all regions except for a double digit increase in Greater China and
unchanged organic sales in Latin America. Global market share of the baby care category decreased 0.1 points.
• Feminine Care net sales were unchanged. Positive impacts of favorable geographic mix and higher pricing (driven
primarily by North America) were partially offset by negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign
exchange. The unit volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in Greater China (due to market contraction and
competitive activity) and Latin America (due to share losses). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a mid-
single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Market share of the
feminine care category decreased 0.2 points.
• Net sales in Family Care, which is predominantly a North American business, increased low single digits driven by a unit
volume increase (due to market growth). Organic sales increased mid-single digits. North America's share of the family
care category decreased 0.2 points.
Net earnings was unchanged at $4.0 billion. Net earnings margin was unchanged as a decrease in gross margin was offset by a
decrease in SG&A as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin decreased 60 basis points primarily due to higher commodity
costs and unfavorable category mix, partially offset by productivity savings. SG&A as a percentage of net sales decreased due
to a reduction in marketing spending and higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period.
CORPORATE
($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024
Net sales $794 $601 32%
Net earnings/(loss) $(527) $(1,430) N/A
Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. These include but
are not limited to incidental businesses managed at the corporate level, gains and losses related to certain divested brands or
businesses, impacts from various financing and investing activities, certain impacts related to employee benefits, asset
impairments and restructuring activities including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Corporate also includes
reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used within the reportable segments to U.S. GAAP. The most notable
ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, which adjusts the blended statutory rates that are reflected in the reportable segments
to the overall Company effective tax rate.
Corporate net sales increased 32% to $794 million due to an increase in net sales of incidental businesses managed at the
corporate level. Corporate net earnings increased $903 million to a loss of $527 million due primarily to the non-cash
impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year, partially offset by
incremental restructuring charges in the current year, comprised primarily of the non-cash charge of $752 million for
accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina.
Restructuring Program to Deliver Productivity and Cost Savings
The Company has historically had an ongoing restructuring program with annual spending in the range of $250 to $500 million
before tax. In fiscal 2024, the Company announced an incremental limited market portfolio restructuring of its business
operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, and during the period ended September
30, 2024, the Company completed the limited market portfolio restructuring. The total incremental restructuring charges
incurred under the program were $1.2 billion after tax.
In fiscal 2025, the Company incurred before tax restructuring costs of $1.1 billion, which include the non-cash charge of $752
million for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina.
Restructuring accruals of $189 million as of June 30, 2025, are classified as current liabilities. Excluding the non-cash charges
of foreign currency translation losses for Argentina, approximately 74% of the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2025
either have been or will be settled with cash. Consistent with our policies for restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges
are funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting.
Savings generated from the Company's restructuring program are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the
timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment. In addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing
savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that yield additional benefits to our operating margins. Refer
to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on the restructuring program.
CASH FLOW, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from
operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates.
Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess operating
cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. Other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to