Portfolio
performance drives
brand choice
Organization Integrated Superiority
empowered, agile, Growth to win with
accountable consumers
Strategy
Constructive Productivity
Disruption to fuel
across our investments
business
We call this an integrated growth strategy for a reason. Competing successfully in daily-use categories where
These choices reinforce and build on each other, and performance drives brand choice requires brand
each needs to be delivered. It is not a menu to pick and offerings that are superior to any and all other options.
choose from. The advantage comes in being able to do
all these things with excellence at the same time.
Superiority Across Product,
Our strategy is dynamic, not static. It allows us to adapt Package, Brand Communication,
to the volatile world around us, to the changing needs
Retail Execution and Value
of consumers and retail partners, and to a competitive
environment with highly capable companies around
Our ongoing commitment is to irresistible superiority —
us. We adjust and flex the strategy in real time while still
through innovation — integrated across product,
delivering the fundamental objectives of each element.
package, brand communication, retail execution,
and consumer and customer value.
Portfolio: Daily Use,
Superior performing products in superior packages
Where Performance
provide noticeably better benefits to consumers.
Drives Brand Choice They become aware of and learn about these products
through superior brand communications. This comes
Our integrated strategy starts with a focused portfolio to life in stores and online with superior retail execution
of daily-use categories where performance drives and delivers superior consumer value at a price that
brand choice across Fabric Care, Home Care, Baby Care, is considered worth it across each price tier where
Feminine Care, Family Care, Hair Care, Skin & Personal we compete.
Care, Oral Care, Personal Health Care, and Grooming.
We are committed to delivering superiority across
We continue to be active and disciplined managers all five vectors in every part of our portfolio — all price
of our portfolio. We are continuously making choices tiers where we play, all retail channels, all consumer
to strengthen our portfolio and our ability to generate segments we serve, against all brands. This is the path
U.S. dollar-based returns, including additions and to growing categories, providing value to consumers
exits of categories, brands and product forms in and customers and creating value for shareowners.
individual markets.