76 • The Procter & Gamble Company
Board of Directors
B. Marc Allen Debra L. Lee
Chief Executive Officer of Electra.aero, Inc. (aircraft Chair of Leading Women Defined Foundation (nonprofit
designer and manufacturer). Former President, Boeing education and advocacy organization). Former Chairman
International and Chief Strategy Officer of The Boeing and Chief Executive Officer of BET Networks (media
Company (aerospace). Director since 2021. Age 52. and entertainment). Director since 2020. Also a director
of Marriott International, Inc. and Warner Bros. Discovery.
Craig Arnold Age 71.
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eaton
Terry J. Lundgren
Corporation (intelligent power management). Director
since 2025. Also a director of Medtronic plc, lead director Former Executive Chairman, Chairman of the Board and
since 2022. Age 65. Chief Executive Officer of Macy’s, Inc. (national retailer).
Director since 2013. Age 73.
Brett Biggs
Christine M. McCarthy
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Walmart, Inc. (global retailer). Director since Former Senior Executive Vice President and Chief
2023. Also a director of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company (global
and YUM! Brands, Inc. Age 57. entertainment). Director since 2019. Also a director of
CoStar Group, Inc. and Flutter Entertainment. Age 70.
Sheila Bonini
Ashley McEvoy
Senior Vice President of Private Sector Engagement at
the World Wildlife Fund (nonprofit wildlife conservation President and Chief Executive Officer of Insulet
organization). Director since 2023. Age 61. Corporation (healthcare). Director since 2023.
Also a director of Insulet. Age 54.
Amy L. Chang
Jon R. Moeller
Former Executive Vice President of Cisco Systems,
Inc. (networking technology). Founder and former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Chief Executive Officer of Accompany, Inc. (relationship Officer of the Company. Director since 2021. Also a
intelligence AI). Director since 2017. Also a director of director of Eli Lilly and Company. Age 61.
The Walt Disney Company and Salesforce, Inc. Age 48.
Robert J. Portman
Joseph Jimenez
Former United States Senator, Director of the U.S. Office
Co-Founder and Managing Director at Aditum Bio of Management and Budget, and United States Trade
(a biotech venture fund). Former Chief Executive Representative. Director since 2023. Age 69.
Officer of Novartis AG (global healthcare). Director
since 2018. Also a director of General Motors Company Rajesh Subramaniam
and Century Therapeutics, Inc. Age 65. Independent
President and Chief Executive Officer at FedEx Corporation
Lead Director.
(transportation and business services). Director since 2022.
Also a director of FedEx. Age 59.
Christopher Kempczinski
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Patricia A. Woertz
McDonald’s Corporation (restaurant operator and
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
franchisor). Director since 2021. Also a director of
Officer of Archer Daniels Midland Company (agricultural
McDonald’s. Age 56.
origination and processing). Director since 2008. Age 72.
The Board of Directors Has Four Committees:
• Audit
• Compensation & Leadership Development
• Governance & Public Responsibility
• Innovation & Technology