The Procter & Gamble Company 19
• Operating income increased $1.9 billion, or 10%, to $20.5 billion due to a reduction in selling, general and administrative
costs (SG&A) in the current year and the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette
intangible asset in the prior year.
• Net earnings increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.1 billion due to the increase in operating income, partially offset by
higher restructuring charges in the current year, which includes $801 million after tax related to the substantial liquidation
of operations in Argentina.
• Net earnings attributable to Procter & Gamble increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.0 billion.
• Diluted EPS increased 8% to $6.51 due to the increase in net earnings. Core EPS, which excludes incremental restructuring
charges and the prior year Gillette intangible asset charge, increased 4% to $6.83.
• Cash flow from operating activities was $17.8 billion.
◦ Adjusted free cash flow, which is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for
the transitional tax resulting from the 2017 U.S. Tax Act, was $14.6 billion.
◦ Adjusted free cash flow productivity, which is defined as adjusted free cash flow as a percentage of net earnings
excluding the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of
operations in Argentina, was 87%.
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Global Economic Conditions. Our products are sold in numerous countries worldwide, with more than half our sales
generated outside the United States. Our largest international markets are Greater China, the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan
and Germany and collectively comprised approximately 21% of our net sales in fiscal 2025. As a result, we are exposed to
global macroeconomic factors, geopolitical tensions and government policies. We are exposed to various risks due to economic,
political and social instabilities, market volatility, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, currency controls, new or increased
tariffs, foreign exchange and interest rate changes. These risks can negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows.
For example, we are exposed to risks due to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. Our Russia business accounted for
1% of consolidated net sales, net earnings and net assets as of June 30, 2025.
Foreign Exchange. We have significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, both due to translation and transaction
exposures. Translation exposures arise from measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. Transaction exposures involve impacts from 1) input costs that are denominated in currencies other
than the local reporting currency and 2) revaluation of working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency. We have experienced significant foreign exchange impacts in the past due to the weakening of certain
foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, which have negatively impacted net sales, net earnings and cash flows. In response to
the devaluation of foreign currencies (including those deemed highly inflationary), any lags or inability (due to government
restrictions) to implement price increases or the negative impacts of such actions on product consumption may lead to a decline
in our net sales, net earnings and cash flows.
Commodities and Supply Chain. Our costs are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity and input material prices,
transportation costs, inflationary impacts and productivity efforts. We have significant exposures to certain commodities and
input materials, in particular certain oil-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp. Volatility in the
market price of commodities and input materials directly affects our costs. Disruptions in manufacturing, supply and
distribution operations can lead to increased costs. Legal or regulatory requirements and sustainability initiatives may result in
increased costs. We strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including supply chain optimization and
general overhead and workforce optimization. Increased pricing in response to certain inflationary or cost increases may also
offset portions of the cost impacts; however, such price increases may negatively impact product consumption. If we are unable
to manage cost impacts through pricing actions and consistent productivity improvements, it may negatively impact our net
sales, net earnings and cash flows.
Government Policies. We are exposed to changes in U.S. and foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement
policies that can have a negative impact on net sales, net earnings and cash flows. These include tax policy changes (both U.S.
and foreign), including those resulting from the current work being led by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework focused on
"Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy”. Government controls such as currency exchanges, pricing
and import authorizations as well as government policies related to environmental and climate change matters and changes to
international trade agreements can also impact our financial performance.
For additional information on risk factors that could impact our business results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A
of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The key metrics included in the discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, SG&A,
operating margin, other non-operating items, income taxes and net earnings. The primary factors driving year-over-year
changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, competitive
activities (the level of initiatives, pricing and other activities by competitors), marketing spending, retail executions (both in-