The Procter & Gamble Company 65
In certain situations, we guarantee loans for suppliers and customers. The total amount of guarantees issued under such
arrangements is not material.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that have a material impact on our
financial statements.
Purchase Commitments
We have purchase commitments for materials, supplies, services and property, plant and equipment as part of the normal course
of business. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations are as follows:
Fiscal years ending June 30 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter
Purchase obligations $ 893 $ 585 $ 365 $ 248 $ 130 $ 397
Such amounts represent minimum commitments under take-or-pay agreements with suppliers and are in line with expected
usage. These amounts include purchase commitments related to service contracts for information technology, human resources
management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced to third-party suppliers. Due to the proprietary
nature of many of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts contain penalty provisions for early termination. We do
not expect to incur penalty payments under these provisions that would materially affect our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.
Litigation
We are subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range
of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental, patent and trademark
matters, labor and employment matters and tax. While considerable uncertainty exists, in the opinion of management and our
counsel, the ultimate resolution of the various lawsuits and claims will not materially affect our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.
We are also subject to contingencies pursuant to environmental laws and regulations that in the future may require us to take
action to correct the effects on the environment of prior manufacturing and waste disposal practices. Based on currently
available information, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of environmental remediation will materially affect our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
NOTE 14
SUPPLIER FINANCE PROGRAMS
The Company has an ongoing program to negotiate extended payment terms with its suppliers consistent with market practices.
The Company also supports a Supply Chain Finance program (“SCF”) with several global financial institutions. Under SCF, the
Company maintains an accounts payable system to facilitate participating suppliers' ability to sell receivables from the
Company to a SCF bank. These participating suppliers negotiate their sales of receivables arrangements directly with the
respective SCF bank. The Company is not party to those agreements, but the SCF banks allow the suppliers to utilize the
Company’s creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. Under this model, this arrangement generally
provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. The Company has no
economic interest in a supplier’s decision to sell a receivable. Once a qualifying supplier chooses to participate in SCF, the
supplier selects which individual Company invoices to sell to the SCF bank. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers,
including the amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by the supplier’s decisions to finance amounts under
these arrangements. The Company does not provide any form of guarantee under these financing arrangements. Our payment
terms for suppliers under this program generally range from 60 to 180 days. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers
participating in SCF are recorded within Accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are
included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The summary of the Company's outstanding obligation confirmed as valid under the SCF program is as follows:
2025
CONFIRMED OBLIGATIONS OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2024 $ 5,559
Invoices confirmed 17,132
Confirmed invoices paid (16,999)
Translation and other 98
CONFIRMED OBLIGATIONS OUTSTANDING AT JUNE 30, 2025 $ 5,790
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified.