6 The Procter & Gamble Company
litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients, negative
perceptions of packaging (such as plastic and other petroleum-based materials), lack of recyclability or other environmental
attributes, concerns about actual or alleged labor, equality and inclusion or social practices, privacy failures or data breaches,
allegations of product tampering or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. Additionally, negative or inaccurate
postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or one of its brands could generate adverse
publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the Company. If we are unable to effectively manage real or
perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental or social impacts or similar
matters, sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations or cash
flows could suffer. Our Company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate
values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation, including programs driving ethics
and corporate responsibility, strong communities, equality and inclusion and environmental sustainability. While the Company
has many programs and initiatives to further these citizenship efforts, we are impacted in part by the actions and efforts of third
parties including local and other governmental authorities, suppliers, vendors and customers. Consumer or broader stakeholder
perceptions of these programs and initiatives widely vary and could adversely affect our business. If these programs are
changed or suffer negative publicity, the Company's reputation and results of operations or cash flows could be adversely
impacted.
We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, contract
manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, for certain
functions. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party
partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to
meet their obligations to the Company, including the transparency and accuracy of the disclosures of ingredients in materials or
processes, and the proper security of Company data and personal data, or substantial disruptions in the relationships between
the Company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have
policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business
operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
A significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity incident, or the failure
of one or more key information or operations technology systems, networks, hardware, processes and/or associated sites
involving the Company or one of its service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or
reputation.
We rely extensively on information and operational technology (IT/OT) systems, networks and services, including internet and
intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, physical security systems and other hardware, software
and technical applications and platforms. Many of these are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their
vendors. The various uses of these IT/OT systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing
materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; shipping, marketing and selling products; collecting,
transferring, storing and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and
personal data; summarizing and reporting results of operations, including financial reporting; managing our banking and other
cash liquidity systems and platforms; hosting, processing and sharing, as appropriate, confidential and proprietary research,
business plans and financial information; collaborating via an online and efficient means of global business communications;
complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes necessary to
manage our business.
Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the
security of our services, systems, networks and supply chain, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data
and of our critical business operations. In addition, because the techniques, tools and tactics used in cyber-attacks frequently
change, continue to advance in sophistication and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we and our third-party
providers may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after
such an attack, including acquired and divested businesses.
Our IT/OT databases and systems and our third-party providers’ databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to
be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service
attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking and other cyber-attacks. Such attacks may originate from outside parties, hackers,
criminal organizations or other threat actors, including nation states. In addition, operational errors and insider actors -
malicious or otherwise - could cause technical disruptions and/or data incidents. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts
or the security efforts of our third-party providers will prevent material breaches, operational outages or other breakdowns to
our or our third-party providers’ IT/OT databases or systems.
A breach of our data security systems or failure of our IT/OT databases and systems and those of our third-parties may have a
material adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. If the IT/OT systems, networks or service providers
we rely upon fail to function properly or cause operational outages or aberrations, or if we or one of our third-party providers
suffer significant unavailability of key operations, or inadvertent disclosure of, lack of integrity of, or loss of our sensitive