16 The Procter & Gamble Company
The following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the product categories and brand composition within
each segment.
% of % of Net
Reportable Segments Net Sales (1) Earnings (1) Product Categories (Sub-Categories) Major Brands
Hair Care (Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Head & Shoulders, Herbal
Treatments) Essences, Pantene, Rejoice
Personal Care (2) (Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Native, Old Spice,
Beauty 18% 16%
Personal Cleansing) Safeguard, Secret
Skin Care (2) (Facial Moisturizers, Cleaners and
Olay, SK-II
Treatments)
Grooming (Appliances, Female Blades & Razors,
Grooming 8% 10% Male Blades & Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Braun, Gillette, Venus
Products, Other Grooming)
Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral
Crest, Oral-B
Care)
Health Care 14% 15% Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief,
Metamucil, Neurobion,
Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/
Pepto-Bismol, Vicks
Supplements, Other Personal Health Care)
Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives,
Ariel, Downy, Gain, Tide
Fabric & Home Laundry Detergents)
36% 35%
Care Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care, P&G Professional, Cascade, Dawn, Fairy,
Surface Care) Febreze, Mr. Clean, Swiffer
Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants) Luvs, Pampers
Baby, Feminine Always, Always Discreet,
24% 24% Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Menstrual Care)
& Family Care Tampax
Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper) Bounty, Charmin, Puffs
(1) Percent of Net sales and Net earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (excluding results held in Corporate).
(2) Effective July 1, 2024, the Beauty reportable business segment separated Skin and Personal Care into individual operating segments,
Skin Care and Personal Care. This transition included separation of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans,
financial targets, budgets and management reporting.
Organization Design:
Sector Business Units
Beauty: The beauty categories in which we compete are hair care, personal care and skin care. We are a global market leader in
the retail hair care market with about 20% global market share primarily behind our Head & Shoulders and Pantene brands. In
personal care, we have the number two market share position with about 20% global market share, primarily behind our Old
Spice, Safeguard and Secret brands. In skin care, the Olay brand is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with about
5% global market share.
Grooming: We are the global market leader in the grooming market, where we hold more than 45% share. Our global blades
and razors market share is more than 60%, primarily behind our Gillette and Venus brands. Our appliances, such as electric
shavers and intense pulse light devices, are sold primarily under the Braun brand. We hold over 25% of the male electric
shavers market.
Health Care: We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral care, we are a leader with a nearly 30% global market
share behind our Crest and Oral-B brands. In personal health care, we are a global market leader among the categories in which
we compete, including respiratory treatments, digestive wellness, sleep aids, vitamins and analgesics behind our Vicks,
Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol and Neurobion brands.
Fabric & Home Care: This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives
and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air
fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position and are the global market
leader with over 35% market share in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands.
Our global home care market share is more than 30% across the categories in which we compete, primarily behind our Cascade,
Dawn, Febreze and Swiffer brands.
Baby, Feminine & Family Care: In baby care, we are a global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and
baby wipes, with more than 30% global market share. We generally have the number one or number two market share position
in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Pampers brand. We are the global market leader in the feminine care
category with over 30% global market share. We compete in the menstrual care sub-category primarily behind our Always and