Brand Communication
Advertising that reaches consumers and
communicates the superiority of the brand’s
product and packaging benefits — attracting
consumers to the brand and driving brand
and category growth.
Oral-B, the global market leader in power brushing and the #1
dentist recommended brand, launched its most advanced power
toothbrush, Oral-B iO10, early last year. This was followed with iO2,
designed to incent trade-up from a manual toothbrush. Oral-B’s
superior communication highlights the perfect clean for everybody’s
unique smile with ease of use at an accessible price point to deliver
exceptional value. The combination of premium and entry tier
innovations is working well. P&G’s Oral-B power brush grew
high single digits in fiscal 2025, driving mid-single-digit market
growth and growing share +1.3 points.
Retail Execution
In-store: with the right store coverage, product forms,
sizes, price points, shelving and merchandising.
Online: with the right content, assortment, ratings,
reviews, search and subscription offerings.
Venus is implementing superior retail execution with the rollout of
its “female house of grooming” shelf design to drive the launch of its
biggest product upgrade in 25 years — a new razor handle design and
significant blade improvements housed within beautifully refreshed,
recyclable packaging. For the first time, Venus system razors are sold
with a shower hook — a consumer delight that increases category
consumption. Globally, Venus grew organic sales mid-single digits
in fiscal 2025, contributing to high single-digit category growth
and growing share +1.4 points.
Consumer &
Customer Value
For consumers: all these elements presented
in a clear and shoppable way at a compelling
price. For customers: margin, penny profit, trip
generation, basket size and category growth.
Smooth-tear Charmin Ultra Soft is the biggest innovation in toilet paper
in over 100 years and addresses the top consumer frustration with toilet
paper tearing outside the perforated line. Smooth-tear Charmin was
developed with a patented scalloped edge for a better tear — no matter
where the toilet paper is hung or from what direction it’s pulled —
delivering irresistible softness, better tears, and consumer value and
delight. The five-vector superior offering led to very strong results with
Charmin’s Ultra Soft Smooth Tear organic sales up high single digits in
fiscal 2025, contributing to the mid-single-digit category growth.