The Procter & Gamble Company • 75
Company and Shareholder Information
P&G’s Purpose Shareowner Services Stock Symbol
We will provide branded products EQ Shareowner Services serves PG
and services of superior quality and as transfer and dividend paying
value that improve the lives of the agent for P&G Common Stock
Transfer Agent
world’s consumers, now and for and Administrator of the Procter
EQ Shareowner Services
generations to come. As a result, & Gamble Direct Stock Purchase
1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101
consumers will reward us with Plan. Registered shareholders and
Mendota Heights, MN 55120-4100
leadership sales, profit and value Plan participants needing account
creation, allowing our people, our assistance with share transfers,
shareholders and the communities plan purchases/sales, lost stock Registrar
in which we live and work to prosper. certificates, etc., should contact
EQ Shareowner Services
To learn more, please visit pg.com. EQ Shareowner Services at:
P.O. Box 64874
St. Paul, MN 55164-0874
Website shareowneronline.com
Brands
Email shareowneronline.com
P&G brands are trusted to provide Exchange Listings
Click Email under the Contact Us
products of the highest quality
section. New York Stock Exchange
and superior performance and value
for the daily-use cleaning, health Phone Mon–Fri, 7 a.m.–7 p.m., CST
Corporate Headquarters
and hygiene needs of consumers 1-800-742-6253 or 1-651-450-4064
around the world. For information The Procter & Gamble Company
on our portfolio of brands and P&G Direct Stock 1 P&G Plaza
our latest innovations please visit Cincinnati, OH 45202-3315
Purchase Plan
pg.com/brands.
The Procter & Gamble Direct Stock
Annual Meeting
Purchase Plan (DSPP) is a direct
Citizenship
stock purchase and dividend The next annual meeting of
We are committed to doing reinvestment plan. The DSPP is open shareholders will be held on Tuesday,
what’s right and being a good to current P&G shareholders as well October 14, 2025. A full transcript of
corporate citizen. Our Citizenship as new investors and is designed to the meeting will be available from
efforts are focused on Community encourage long-term investment P&G’s Assistant Secretary, who can
Impact, Equality & Inclusion and in P&G by providing a convenient be reached at 1 P&G Plaza, Cincinnati,
Environmental Sustainability, with and economical way to purchase OH 45202-3315.
a foundation of Ethics & Corporate P&G stock and reinvest dividends.
Responsibility guiding everything Highlights of the plan include: Form 10-K
we do.
Shareholders may obtain a copy of
• Minimum initial investment — $250
P&G’s 2025 report to the Securities
P&G Online • Twice-weekly purchases
and Exchange Commission on Form
• pg.com • 24/7 online account access 10-K at no charge at pginvestor.com.
• pginvestor.com • Optional cash investment —
The most recent certifications
minimum $50
• pg.com/newsroom by our Chief Executive and Chief
• linkedin.com/company/ • Administered by EQ Financial Officers pursuant to Section
procter-and-gamble Shareowner Services 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 are filed as exhibits to our Form
• youtube.com/proctergamble For complete information on
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
the DSPP, please read the Plan
• instagram.com/proctergamble 2025. We have also filed with the
Prospectus. The Prospectus and
New York Stock Exchange the most
online Plan Application are available
recent Annual CEO certification as
at shareowneronline.com or by
required by Section 303A.12(a) of the
contacting EQ Shareowner Services.
New York Stock Exchange Listed
Company Manual.
P&G shares can also be purchased
through any financial institution
that offers stock purchase services
for shares traded on the New York
Stock Exchange.