The Procter & Gamble Company 29
New Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued
accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of June 30, 2025.
OTHER INFORMATION
Hedging and Derivative Financial Instruments
As a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates,
currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural
exposure correlation and netting. We leverage the Company's diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize
these operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. To the extent we choose to further manage volatility
within our financing operations, as discussed below, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the
applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These financial transactions are governed by
our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. See Note 9 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for derivative instruments.
Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling.
The tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the RiskManager™
value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. The model incorporates the impact of correlation (the
degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and
interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. Estimates of volatility and correlations of
market factors are drawn from the RiskMetrics™ dataset as of June 30, 2025. In cases where data is unavailable in
RiskMetrics™, a reasonable proxy is included.
Our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as discussed below, have not changed
materially versus the previous reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would
significantly impact such exposures in the near term.
Interest Rate Exposure. We are exposed to interest rate movements due to our long and short-term borrowing program. Interest
rate swaps are used to manage exposures to interest rates on underlying debt obligations. Certain interest rate swaps
denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on our investments
in foreign operations. These currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the Company's foreign net investments.
Based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, including derivative and other
instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95% confidence level based on
historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements.
Currency Rate Exposure. Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries
throughout the world, we are exposed to movements in currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company’s diversified
portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge. Corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. To manage the
exchange rate risk associated with the financing of our operations, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps with
maturities of less than 18 months.
Based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025,
we believe, at a 95% confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact on such instruments of a near-
term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements.
Commodity Price Exposure. We use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions,
political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. We may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the
volatility related to the above exposures. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, we did not have any financial
commodity hedging activity.
Measures Not Defined By U.S. GAAP
In accordance with the SEC's Regulation S-K Item 10(e), the following provides definitions of non-GAAP measures and a
reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these measures provide useful perspective on
underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental
measure of year-on-year results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by management in making operating
decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. These measures may be useful to investors, as they
provide supplemental information about business performance and provide investors with a view of our business results through
the eyes of management. These measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-
risk compensation. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP
measures but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as
similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted.
Organic Sales Growth. Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions,
divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. We believe this measure provides investors with a