vi • The Procter & Gamble Company
Organization: Agile, Empowered However, at times, there is a need for a bigger step
forward to bolster P&G’s growth and value creation,
and Accountable
and we are making changes to unlock significant
opportunity for stronger delivery of P&G’s integrated
We continue to focus ourselves and our work through
growth strategy.
our agile, empowered and accountable organization
on the business outcomes that deliver the greatest This is not a new approach, rather an intentional
value creation potential. strengthening of our current strategy to widen
our margin of advantage in superiority fueled by
Our sector business units manage our 10 product
productivity to win in the increasingly challenging
categories, with full end-to-end decision rights and
environment in which we compete.
responsibility for our Focus markets — our largest
and most profitable markets. Enterprise markets, There are three main areas of focus: portfolio, supply
which represent the rest of the world, are a separate chain and organization design.
business unit that has the freedom to quickly react
to the fast-changing dynamics of these markets. The portfolio choices include exits of some categories,
brands and product forms in individual markets.
They may also include some brand divestitures.
Four Focus Areas to
These portfolio moves enable us to make related
Strengthen Our Strategy
interventions in our supply chain — right-sizing and
right-locating production to drive efficiencies, faster
There are four areas where we are putting additional
innovation, cost reduction, and even more reliable
focus — supply, environmental sustainability, digital
and resilient supply.
acumen and a superior employee value equation.
These are not new or separate strategies. They are
Finally, we are making additional changes to ensure
necessary elements to continue to strengthen the
an even more agile, empowered and accountable
execution of our strategy.
organization design — making roles broader, teams
smaller, work more fulfilling and more efficient,
Accelerating Growth leveraging digitization and automation. Smaller teams
with greater breadth of skills will work on an integrated
and Value Creation
end-to-end basis — from consumer understanding
to design and execution — eliminating the siloed
There are times when continuous improvement
approach to work, creating more integrated ways
of each element of our strategy is enough to deliver
of working, broadening employee skills to empower
the near-term objectives we have set and to prepare
decision making, increasing individual contribution
us for the next phase of growth and value creation.
and development, and improving the employee
value equation.
Across these three areas — portfolio, supply chain,
organization — we expect to reduce up to 7,000 non-
manufacturing roles, or approximately 15% of our current
non-manufacturing workforce, over the next two years.
Taken together, these actions are intended to widen
our margin of advantage in superiority leading to
growth and value creation.
We balance the needs of all
stakeholders. To learn more
about our work, visit us at
pginvestor.com/esg.