8 The Procter & Gamble Company
We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities.
As a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model includes a certain level of acquisition,
joint venture and divestiture activities. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the
same time delivering against our business objectives. Specifically, our financial results have been, and in the future could be,
adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint
ventures. Our results of operations and cash flows have been, and in the future could also be, impacted by acquisitions or joint
venture activities, if: 1) changes in the cash flows or other market-based assumptions cause the value of acquired assets to fall
below book value, or 2) we are not able to deliver the expected cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions and
joint ventures, including as a result of integration and collaboration challenges, which could also result in an impairment of
goodwill and intangible assets.
Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing
organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent as part of our overall succession planning.
Our financial projections assume certain new and ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing
adjustments and employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while
continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Additionally,
successfully executing organizational change, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company and motivation and
retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient
numbers of qualified employees include: employee morale; our reputation; the impacts of political, social and geopolitical
polarization; competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals. Our success depends on identifying,
developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. This includes
developing and retaining organizational capabilities in key growth markets where the depth of skilled or experienced employees
may be limited and competition for these resources is intense as well as continuing the development and execution of robust
leadership succession plans.
LEGAL & REGULATORY RISKS
We must successfully manage compliance with current and expanding laws and regulations, as well as manage new and
pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad.
Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations across the countries in which
we do business, including those laws and regulations involving intellectual property, product liability, product composition or
formulation, manufacturing processes, packaging content or corporate responsibility for packaging and product disposal,
marketing, antitrust and competition, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data transfers, artificial intelligence,
environmental (including increasing focus on the climate, nature, water and waste impacts of consumer packaged goods
companies' operations and products), employment, healthcare, anti-bribery and anti-corruption (including interactions with
health care professionals and government officials as well as corresponding internal controls and record-keeping requirements),
trade (including tariffs, sanctions and export controls), tax, accounting and financial reporting or other matters. In addition,
governmental and societal attention to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including changing and differing
mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on topics such as climate change, waste production, water usage,
nature impacts, human capital, respect for human rights, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and
complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These and other rapidly changing laws, regulations,
policies and related interpretations as well as increased enforcement actions by various governmental and regulatory agencies,
create challenges for the Company, may alter the environment in which we do business, may increase the ongoing costs and
complexities of compliance including by requiring investments in technology or other compliance systems and may ultimately
result in the need to cease manufacturing, sales or other business activities in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely
impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to continue to meet these challenges and comply with all laws,
regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. Additionally,
we are currently, and in the future may be, subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, claims, proceedings and requests for
information from governmental agencies or private parties, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business. Failure to
successfully manage these new or pending regulatory and legal matters and resolve such matters without significant liability or
damage to our reputation may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Furthermore, if new or pending legal or regulatory matters result in fines or costs in excess of the amounts accrued to date, that
may also materially impact our results of operations and financial position.
Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations and resolutions of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial
results.
The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the various tax laws can and do
occur. For example, in July 2025, the U.S. government enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the 2025 U.S. Tax Act). The
2025 U.S. Tax Act extended or made permanent many of the corporate tax changes arising under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
passed in 2017 (the 2017 U.S. Tax Act). We do not anticipate the 2025 U.S. Tax Act to have a material impact to our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or effective tax rate.