10 The Procter & Gamble Company
The CISO also leads the design and development of the Company’s cybersecurity program, relying on functional experts within
the central Information Security organization as well as on information security experts within each of the Company’s
Organizational Units. These embedded experts are responsible for the execution of the Company’s overall information security
strategy and report security risks in their area of responsibility to their Organization Unit leader and to the CISO. Experts within
the Company’s central Information Security organization help develop the Company’s cybersecurity strategies, policies and
standards and similarly report security risks within the central enterprise to the CISO.
A central team within the Company leads enterprise-wide incident investigations and response, assisting and consulting on
cyber security incidents impacting individual Organizational Units. Alerts of potential incidents can arise from security tool
alerts, employee reports, threat intelligence sources, threat hunting activities or external entities, among other sources. The
Company's Security Operations Center initially responds to incident alerts and notifies central experts to any potentially
significant cybersecurity incidents. Members of the Security Operations Center and relevant response teams work to contain
and eradicate potential and identified threats and support the system’s recovery efforts, advised as needed by the Legal
department and other Company experts. Incidents are communicated to the CISO and other members of management, including
the Company’s Ethics & Compliance Committee, as well as the Audit Committee of the Board, based on documented
escalation criteria. The central enterprise team also regularly reviews incident reports to update the CISO.
As described above, both the CIO and CISO report information about the Company’s identification and management of
cybersecurity risks to the Audit Committee.
Item 2. Properties.
In the U.S., we own and operate 24 manufacturing sites located in 18 different states. In addition, we own and operate 75
manufacturing sites in 32 other countries. Many of the domestic and international sites manufacture products for multiple
businesses. Beauty products are manufactured at 21 of these locations; Grooming products at 17; Health Care products at 20;
Fabric & Home Care products at 34; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care products at 36. We own our Corporate headquarters in
Cincinnati, Ohio. We own or lease our principal regional general offices in Switzerland, Panama, Singapore, China and the
United Arab Emirates. We own or lease our principal regional shared service centers in Costa Rica, the United Kingdom and
the Philippines. Management believes that the Company's sites are adequate to support the business and that the properties and
equipment have been well maintained.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
The Company is subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a
wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental issues,
patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. In addition, SEC regulations require that we disclose
certain environmental proceedings arising under Federal, State or local law when a governmental authority is a party and such
proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a certain threshold ($1
million or more).
On November 22, 2023, Procter & Gamble UK (“P&G UK”), a United Kingdom based wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, received notification from the U.K. Environment Agency of its intent to assess an unspecified civil penalty for P&G
UK’s prior inadvertent failure to secure a required permit for its London-based manufacturing site under the European Union’s
and United Kingdom’s Emission Trading Systems. Among other requirements, these Emissions Trading Systems require
registration of the site and accounting of and payment for certain past greenhouse gas emissions. The site has been properly
registered since March 2021, and P&G UK proactively notified the U.K. Environment Agency after learning of the prior issue.
In July 2025, the U.K. Environmental Agency notified P&G UK of its intent to impose a civil penalty of less than $2 million.
The matter is not yet resolved.
There are no other relevant matters to disclose under this Item for this period. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for information on certain legal proceedings for which there are contingencies.
This item should be read in conjunction with the Company's Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A for additional information.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure.
Not applicable.