The Procter & Gamble Company 9
In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued “Pillar Two” model rules
which established a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% for large multinational corporations. Many countries have
implemented or are in the process of implementing Pillar Two legislation into their respective domestic laws. Based on current
legislation, available guidance and the June 28, 2025 G7 Pillar Two Statement committing to a side-by-side solution for U.S.
parented groups, we do not anticipate the Pillar Two global minimum tax to have a material impact to our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or effective tax rate. The Company continues to assess the overall impact of potential changes
as developments occur, consistent with our practice to monitor all changes in tax laws. As the Pillar Two global minimum tax
and other tax laws and related regulations are revised, enacted and implemented, a material impact to our financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or effective tax rate may occur.
Furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax
positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, including maintaining our intended tax
treatment of divestiture transactions such as the fiscal 2017 Beauty Brands transaction with Coty, may differ materially from the
tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which could adversely impact our results of operations and
cash flows.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Risk Management and Strategy
The Company employs multiple tools and processes for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity
threats. A multi-functional enterprise security team reviews and assesses top cybersecurity risks. This assessment is shared with
members of senior management, including the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO),
and helps guide the Company's cybersecurity operational priorities and strategy. In addition, cybersecurity risks are integrated
into the Company’s broader Enterprise Risk Management program. When cybersecurity risks are identified through the
Enterprise Risk Management program or otherwise, they are reported to relevant business and governance leaders within the
Company for appropriate action.
To support the ongoing identification and management of cybersecurity issues, the Company provides information security
employee training, conducts global and targeted phishing simulation campaigns and conducts tabletop exercises. The Company
also deploys a large library of security tools and experts to help prevent, detect, contain, eradicate and recover from potential
cybersecurity issues and cyber-attacks. Further, the Company engages third-party consultants and services for cyber
intelligence, insights and assessments of its cybersecurity risk posture and governance.
Cybersecurity reviews are embedded into the Company’s Third-Party Risk Management program. Generally under this
program, third parties that process personal data or high-risk business data on behalf of the Company complete privacy and
cybersecurity assessments on a risk basis, which may require such third parties to sign data processing agreements, comply with
particular security controls or complete an additional security and privacy assessment.
As a global company, we manage a variety of cybersecurity threats and cannot wholly eliminate the risk of adverse impacts
from such incidents. However, as of the date of this Form 10-K, we have not identified any cybersecurity threats that have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of our operations or financial
condition. For additional information on the risks from cybersecurity threats that we have faced in the past and expect to
continue to face in the future, please refer to the “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risks consistent with its general risk oversight responsibility. The
Audit Committee of the Board has specific responsibility for reviewing the status of the security of the Company’s electronic
data processing information systems and the general security, including cybersecurity, of the Company’s people, assets and
information systems. In support of this general oversight, the full Board reviews, at least annually, the most significant
enterprise risks facing the Company, including cybersecurity risks, as identified in the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management
program. This review, which includes key members of senior management, covers key risks from information security that have
been identified and corresponding action plans. The Audit Committee also receives regular updates from the Company’s CIO
and CISO about the Company’s information security and systems security programs and plans, including emerging trends and
progress on overall enterprise cybersecurity programs and priorities. These updates occur at least three times a year, with
interim updates as needed.
The Company’s management is responsible for implementing its strategic plans, including identifying, evaluating, managing
and mitigating the risks inherent in them, such as cybersecurity risks. Within management, the Company’s CISO has specific
responsibility for cybersecurity risk management, reporting to the CIO.
The Company’s CISO has over 15 years of experience in cybersecurity, information security and information risk management,
including several years each in security engineering and in operations, as well as running incident response organizations. The
CISO's organization includes a dedicated team of centralized information security experts and a network of security
professionals embedded in each business unit and function.