The Procter & Gamble Company 3
enable our consumers to reduce their footprint without compromising on the performance of the products they use. We develop
and license technologies that can be used across industries to improve environmental sustainability at a broader scale.
Combined, this approach intends to positively impact the total environmental impact of the Company while driving market
growth and value creation.
In 2021, the Company announced a 2040 net zero ambition. Our Climate Transition Action Plan outlines the Company’s
ongoing efforts toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions across scopes 1 and 2 and elements of scope 3. The Company has
also declared ambitions towards purchasing renewable electricity for our operations, reducing intensity of virgin petroleum-
based plastic in packaging, designing more consumer packaging to be recyclable or reusable, responsible sourcing of key
forest-based commodities, improving efficiency of water usage in our operations and driving a global portfolio of water
restoration projects in key water basins. While we have met or exceeded some of the goals and are making significant progress
against others, scalable infrastructure and cost-effective solutions are not yet available to us to fully deliver against some of our
stated ambitions.
Sustainability related disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our sustainability reports are
informed by standards and guidelines such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The “materiality” thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of
“materiality” for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission’s rules in this Annual
Report. References to our sustainability reports and website are for informational purposes only and neither the sustainability
reports nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional
detailed information on our sustainability efforts can be found on our website at https://pginvestor.com/esg.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in
this Form 10-K, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports, current reports on Form 8-K, press releases and other written and
oral communications. All statements, except for historical and present factual information, are “forward-looking statements”
and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become
outdated or incomplete. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information,
future events or other factors, except to the extent required by law. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and
investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations.
The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations,
financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management's
Discussion and Analysis and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes incorporated in this report. The following
discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when
evaluating our expectations. These and other factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking
statements and from historical trends, perhaps materially.
MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND RELATED FINANCIAL RISKS
Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets,
including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls.
We are a global company, with operations in about 70 countries and products sold in about 180 countries and territories around
the world. We hold assets, incur liabilities, generate sales and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar,
and our operations outside the U.S. generate more than 50% of our annual net sales. Fluctuations in exchange rates for foreign
currencies have and could continue to reduce the U.S. dollar value of sales, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-U.S.
markets, increase our supply costs (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in
those markets or otherwise adversely impact our business results or financial condition.
Further, we have a significant amount of debt including floating rate and foreign currency debt and derivatives as part of our
capital markets activities. As we refinance debt or renew derivatives, we are exposed to movement in global interest rates and
rate differentials. Further, the maturity cash outflows of foreign currency debt and derivative instruments could be adversely
impacted by significant appreciation of foreign currency exchange rates (particularly the Euro), which could adversely impact
our overall cash flows and interest expense. Moreover, discriminatory or conflicting fiscal or trade policies in different
countries, including changes to tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could adversely affect our results. See also the
Results of Operations and Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity sections of the MD&A and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and related Notes.
We also have businesses and maintain local currency cash balances in a number of countries with currency exchange, import
authorization, pricing or other controls or restrictions. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be
adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions, continue existing business operations
and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers or similar
restrictions are imposed on our business.