The Procter & Gamble Company 27
Realization of net operating losses and other carryforwards is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the
appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods, which involves business plans, planning
opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more
likely than not that our deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized.
We operate in multiple jurisdictions with complex tax policy and regulatory environments. In certain of these jurisdictions, we
may take tax positions that management believes are supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the
applicable taxing authority. These interpretational differences with the respective governmental taxing authorities can be
impacted by the local economic and fiscal environment.
A core operating principle is that our tax structure is based on our business operating model, such that profits are earned in line
with the business substance and functions of the various legal entities in the jurisdictions where those functions are performed.
However, because of the complexity of transfer pricing concepts, we may have income tax uncertainty related to the
determination of intercompany transfer prices for our various cross-border transactions. We have obtained and continue to
prioritize the strategy of seeking advance rulings with tax authorities to reduce this uncertainty. We estimate that our current
portfolio of advance rulings reduces this uncertainty with respect to over 70% of our global earnings. We evaluate our tax
positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We
review these tax uncertainties considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, and adjust them
accordingly. We have several audits in process in various jurisdictions. Although the resolution of these tax positions is
uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Because there are several estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain
future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation
plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional details on the Company's income taxes.
Employee Benefits
We sponsor various postretirement benefits throughout the world. These include pension plans, both defined contribution plans
and defined benefit plans, and other postretirement benefit (OPRB) plans consisting primarily of health care and life insurance
for retirees. For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPRB plans require assumptions to estimate the net
projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases;
certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost
trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and net obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our
assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. As permitted by
U.S. GAAP, the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is deferred. If this net deferred amount exceeds
10% of the greater of plan assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in expense for the following year.
The cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is
deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected
to receive benefits.
The expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined benefit expense since many of our defined benefit pension
plans and our primary OPRB plan are partially funded. The process for setting the expected rates of return is described in Note
8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For 2025, the average return on assets assumptions for pension plan assets and
OPRB assets was 6.0% and 8.5%, respectively. A change in the rate of return of 100 basis points for both pension and OPRB
assets would impact annual after-tax benefit/expense by approximately $155 million.
Since pension and OPRB liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and
expenses. Discount rates used for our U.S. defined benefit pension and OPRB plans are based on a yield curve constructed from
a portfolio of high-quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the
plan. For our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment grade corporate bonds rated AA
or better. The average discount rate on the defined benefit pension plans of 4.2% represents a weighted average of local rates in
countries where such plans exist. A 100 basis-point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax benefit expense
by approximately $85 million. The average discount rate on the OPRB plan of 5.9% reflects the higher interest rates generally
applicable in the U.S., which is where most of the plan participants receive benefits. A 100 basis-point change in the discount
rate would impact annual after-tax OPRB expense by approximately $20 million. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional details on our defined benefit pension and OPRB plans.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Accordingly, we
typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for those goodwill reporting units and intangible assets that do
not have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset
also requires judgment. Certain brand intangible assets are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans
to continue to support and build the acquired brands. Other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain brands, customer
relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful lives. Our assessment as to brands that have