The Procter & Gamble Company 15
Management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition
despite some limitations on the availability and comparability of share and consumption information. References to market
share and consumption in the MD&A are based on a combination of vendor-purchased traditional brick-and-mortar and online
data in key markets as well as internal estimates. All market share references represent the percentage of sales of our products
in dollar terms on a constant currency basis relative to all product sales in the category. The Company measures market shares
through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months
as compared to the end of the reporting period. Management also uses unit volume growth to evaluate drivers of changes in net
sales. Organic volume growth reflects year-over-year changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions and
divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales. In our presentation of data
in tables or other charts, certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding.
OVERVIEW
P&G is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods
of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories
primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club
stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores),
high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-
the-ground operations in about 70 countries.
Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry
segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands.
Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-
premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets
in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position.
Organizational Structure
Our organizational structure is comprised of Sector Business Units (SBUs), Enterprise Markets (EMs), Corporate Functions
(CF) and Global Business Services (GBS).
Sector Business Units
The Company's product categories are organized into five SBUs and five reportable segments (under U.S. GAAP): Beauty;
Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The SBUs are responsible for global brand
strategy, product upgrades and innovation, marketing plans and supply chain. They have direct profit responsibility for markets
(referred to as Focus Markets) representing the large majority of the Company's sales and earnings and are also responsible for
innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred
to as Enterprise Markets). Throughout the MD&A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North
America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA).