The Procter & Gamble Company 1
PART I
Item 1. Business.
The Procter & Gamble Company (the Company) is a world-leading multinational consumer goods company focused on
providing trusted, branded products of superior quality, performance and value to improve the lives of consumers around the
world - now and for generations to come. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories throughout the world. The
Company was incorporated in Ohio in 1905, having first been established as a New Jersey corporation in 1890, and was built
from a business founded in Cincinnati in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble.
Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Management's Discussion and Analysis
(MD&A); and Notes 1 and 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms
"Company," "P&G," "we," "our" or "us" as used herein refer to The Procter & Gamble Company (the registrant) and its
subsidiaries. Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from other documents filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments thereto, are filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains these reports at:
www.sec.gov. Reports can also be accessed and downloaded through links from our website at: www.pginvestor.com. P&G
includes the website link solely as a textual reference and the information on our website is not incorporated by reference into
this report. Copies of these reports are also available, without charge, by contacting EQ Shareowner Services, 1100 Centre
Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota, MN 55120-4100.
Financial Information about Segments
Information about our reportable segments can be found in the MD&A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Narrative Description of Business
Business Model. Our business model is focused on delivering sustainable value creation by driving balanced top- and bottom-
line growth. We create, manufacture, market and distribute a diversified portfolio of daily-use products to delight consumers
with irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution
and value. We invest in research and development and consumer insights to invent new categories or products and innovate our
existing products, ensuring they meet evolving consumer needs and preferences. We leverage marketing strategies including
advertising, promotions and endorsements to drive brand awareness and loyalty among consumers. The Company utilizes
various distribution channels, including retail stores, e-commerce platforms and direct-to-consumer platforms to deliver our
products. Our business model relies on continued productivity improvements to fuel investments in research and development
and marketing and deliver value creation. Our objective is to deliver sustainable and balanced top- and bottom-line growth
while serving the needs of all stakeholders — consumers, customers, employees, society and shareowners.
Key Product Categories. Information on key product categories can be found in the MD&A and Note 2 to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Key Customers. Our customers include mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery
stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including
airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to
consumers. Sales to Walmart Inc. and its affiliates represent approximately 16% of our total sales in 2025 and 2024 and 15% in
2023. No other customer represents more than 10% of our total sales. Our top ten customers accounted for 43% of our total net
sales in 2025, 42% in 2024 and 40% in 2023.
Sources and Availability of Materials. Almost all of the raw and packaging materials used by the Company are purchased
from third parties, some of whom are single-source suppliers. We produce certain raw materials, primarily chemicals, for
further use in the manufacturing process. In addition, fuel, natural gas and derivative products are important commodities
consumed in our manufacturing processes and in the transportation of input materials and finished products. The prices we pay
for materials and other commodities are subject to fluctuation including new or increased tariffs. When prices for these items
change, we may or may not pass the change to our customers. The Company purchases a substantial variety of other raw and
packaging materials, none of which are material to our business taken as a whole.
Trademarks and Patents. We own or have rights to patents and trademarks, which are used in connection with our activity in
all businesses. Our patents cover a range of product features, including significant product formulation and processes used to
manufacture our products. The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of our products. In part, our
success can be attributed to the existence and continued protection of these trademarks and patents.
Competitive Condition. The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive. Our products compete against
similar products from a broad range of companies, both large and small, both established and new, including well-known global
competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers'
private-label brands. In this highly competitive setting, we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which
we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. Our integrated strategy and our focus on driving
superiority across product, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value are key differentiators in the
marketplace.