26 The Procter & Gamble Company
to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC that is
available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities. For additional details on debt, see Note 10 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we
believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
Contractual Commitments
The following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of June 30, 2025.
($ millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years After 5 Years
RECORDED LIABILITIES
Total debt $ 34,852 $ 9,553 $ 6,801 $ 6,150 $ 12,348
Leases 1,079 255 386 240 198
2017 U.S. Tax Act transitional charge (1) 688 688 — — —
OTHER
Interest payments relating to long-term debt 5,605 878 1,370 936 2,421
Minimum pension funding (2) 617 200 417 — —
Purchase obligations (3) 2,618 893 950 378 397
TOTAL CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENTS $ 45,459 $ 12,467 $ 9,924 $ 7,704 $ 15,364
(1) Represents the U.S. federal tax liability associated with the repatriation provisions of the 2017 U.S. Tax Act.
(2) Represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. These future pension payments assume the Company
continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. Considering the current economic environment in which the Company
operates, the Company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. The projected payments
beyond fiscal year 2028 are not currently determinable.
(3) Primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of
business. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent minimum commitments with suppliers and are in line with
expected usage. This includes service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management
activities that have been outsourced. While the amounts listed represent contractual obligations, we do not believe it is likely that the full
contractual amount would be paid if the underlying contracts were canceled prior to maturity. In such cases, we generally are able to
negotiate new contracts or cancellation penalties, resulting in a reduced payment. The amounts do not include other contractual purchase
obligations that are not take-or-pay arrangements. Such contractual purchase obligations are primarily purchase orders at fair value that
are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. We do not believe such purchase obligations will
adversely affect our liquidity position.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
In preparing our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, there are certain accounting policies that may require a
choice between acceptable accounting methods or may require substantial judgment or estimation in their application. These
include revenue recognition, income taxes, certain employee benefits and goodwill and intangible assets. We believe these
accounting policies, and others set forth in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, should be reviewed as they are
integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.
The Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee of
the Company's Board of Directors.
Revenue Recognition
Our revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. Those sales predominantly contain a single
performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer, which
can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer. Trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer
pricing allowances, in-store merchandising funds, advertising and other promotional activities and consumer coupons, are
offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending, which is
recognized as incurred at the time of the sale. Amounts accrued for trade promotions at the end of a period require estimation,
based on contractual terms, sales volumes and historical utilization and redemption rates. The actual amounts paid may be
different from such estimates. These differences, which have historically not been significant, are recognized as a change in
management estimate in a subsequent period.
Income Taxes
Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income, statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax
purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments and assumptions
regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax balances, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, and our
ability to uphold certain tax positions.