The Coca-Cola Co.
(KO) Corrected Transcript
Q2 2025 Earnings Call 22-Jul-2025
architecture, executed fewer but bolder integrated marketing campaigns and accelerated cold drink equipment
placement.
Lastly, in Asia Pacific, after a strong first quarter, we had mixed performance across the region. Volume declined,
but we grew both revenue and comparable currency neutral operating income. In ASEAN and South Pacific,
volume declined as growth in Australia and the Philippines was more than offset by declines in Thailand,
Indonesia and Vietnam. However, we won value share, and our system is taking action by scaling refillable
offerings, increasing outlet coverage and accelerating cooler placement.
In China, we grew volume despite a cautious consumer environment, thanks to stronger performance from
Trademark Coca-Cola and in the eating and drinking channel. Our system is developing more granular channel
and customer-specific execution strategies, driving more tailored promotional campaigns and accelerating cooler
placement.
In India, after a strong start to the year, volume declined, as our business was impacted by early monsoons and
geopolitical conflict early in the important summer season. In response, we're engaging consumers with
integrated marketing campaigns like Coca-Cola and Meals supported by execution in the QSR channel, Thums
Up with Biryani, Sprite with Spicy Meals and Maaza with Festivals, and tailoring these activations to regional and
local needs. Also, our system is adding customer outlets and recently surpassed 1 million customers on its digital
ordering platforms.
In Japan and South Korea, industry volume declined amid a challenging macro environment. Our volume was
also down, reflecting industry dynamics and a strong prior year comparison. Nevertheless, two-year volume
trends remained positive during the quarter. In response to the external environment, our system is refining
channel and investment strategies to capture emerging growth opportunities.
To sum everything up, while the external environment continues to evolve, we remain steadfastly focused on
maintaining agility, and we're taking the appropriate actions to deliver on our updated 2025 guidance. Critically, to
deliver amidst the current realities, we're enhancing capabilities along each facet of our strategic growth flywheel
by investing to drive transactions in the back half of the year.
Our marketing transformation allows us to more quickly test ideas, share learnings and scale successful
campaigns. For example, to mitigate consumer pressure in Mexico stemming from geopolitical tensions, our
teams implemented tactics similar to those developed last year in Turkey tailored to local needs. During the
quarter, we launched the [ph] Juntos por Cien Años (00:09:21) campaign, which highlights our long-standing
contribution to the Mexican economy.
At the same time, we leaned further into consumer passion points and pulled forward our World Cup activation by
giving away 1,000 tickets to next year's event. As a result of these initiatives, combined with strong local
execution, monthly value share trends and consumer perception scores improved significantly in Mexico during
the quarter.
While we're lifting and shifting learnings across markets, we're also revamping and creating new campaigns and
leveraging passion points. In April, we launched the return of the iconic Share a Coke campaign across more than
120 countries with over 30,000 names on approximately 10 billion bottles and cans tailored to local markets.
Also, in North America, we launched the Bring the Juice campaign during the quarter, which featured a
collaboration between Minute Maid and World Wrestling Entertainment that includes digital experiences, limited-
5
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC