The Coca-Cola Co.
(KO) Corrected Transcript
Q2 2025 Earnings Call 22-Jul-2025
time-only packaging and in-store activations. Our innovation agenda supports our overall growth strategy by
focusing on understanding and anticipating consumer needs. To make a greater impact and improved return on
investment, we're leveraging our portfolio of 30 billion-dollar brands.
For example, during the quarter, we launched Sprite + Tea in North America, which contributed to increased
share of visible inventory. This limited-time-only innovation blends the refreshment of Sprite with the flavor of tea
and adds to the recent hits under the Sprite trademark, including Sprite Chill, Sprite Winter Spiced Cranberry and
Sprite Lymonade. Sprite + Tea started as an experimental project. We scaled the launch after seeing strong
consumer demand and positive social media reaction. As a result of on-brand innovation, Sprite became the
number three sparkling soft drink brand in the US, as Beverage Digest announced in April.
We're always exploring ways to meet evolving consumer preferences for great-tasting refreshment, including with
our iconic Coca-Cola brand. As you may have seen last week, we appreciate the President's enthusiasm for our
Coca-Cola brand. And as part of our ongoing innovation agenda, this fall in the United States, we plan to expand
our Trademark Coca-Cola product range with US cane sugar to reflect consumer interest in differentiated
experiences. This addition is designed to complement our strong core portfolio and offer more choice across
occasions and preferences.
Revenue growth management is a critical tool to segment our consumers and channels, and we're increasingly
integrating the capability with our marketing expertise to drive transaction growth. To step up our capabilities, we
are leveraging learnings across our markets and marrying digital investments with clear compelling points of sale
messaging in stores and on packs. While it takes patience and discipline to build our refillables franchise, we're
tapping into learnings from our strong capabilities in Latin America to grow refillables over the long-term in Africa,
the Philippines, Thailand and parts of Eurasia and the Middle East.
On the premiumization side, we're leveraging our experience in North America to grow mini cans in Europe. And
finally, last year, we piloted an AI-based pack price channel optimization tool in Mexico. Results so far have
shown this tool improves our offerings and speed to market. So far, we scaled this platform to eight markets
across four operating units. Lastly, robust local execution is key to ensuring the success of our top line initiatives.
Our system is stronger than ever, which ultimately leads to commitments to further invest to drive growth. We've
collectively ushered in a culture of learning from one another, and we aspire to improve every aspect of how we
do business.
To summarize, while the external environment continues to be dynamic, and there is no doubt that much
uncertainty remains in the downhill, we remain growth-orientated. We're continuing to pivot our plans as needed,
and we are harnessing our all-weather strategy to deliver on our growth ambitions. Before I conclude, I'd like to
recognize the efforts and unwavering dedication of our system employees around the world.
With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
.....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
John Murphy
President & Chief Financial Officer, The Coca-Cola Co.
Thank you, James, and good morning, everyone. In the first half of 2025, we delivered positive volume, organic
revenue growth at the high-end of our long-term algorithm, robust margin expansion and continued earnings per
share growth in a very dynamic operating landscape. During the second quarter, we invested with discipline to
achieve our objectives.
6
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC