The Coca-Cola Co.
(KO) Corrected Transcript
Q2 2025 Earnings Call 22-Jul-2025
and May, but decelerated in June in the face of adverse weather in several key markets and pockets of consumer
pressure.
Several markets that were weaker in the first quarter improved volumes sequentially, including the US and
Europe. In these markets, the plans we've implemented are working, providing further confidence we can
influence the trajectory of our results. We also delivered 5% organic revenue growth and robust margin
expansion, which led to 4% comparable earnings per share growth despite currency headwinds and the higher
effective tax rate.
More broadly, our industry remains resilient. During the quarter, we gained value share, which represented our
17th consecutive quarter of value share gains. Across the world, we're navigating complex dynamics across many
markets by leveraging our global scale while stepping up local execution.
Starting in North America. While volume improved sequentially, it declined due to the continued uncertainty and
pressure on some socioeconomic segments of consumers. We continued to invest behind our brands, which led
to value share gains and revenue and profit growth. Our price/mix decelerated as growth in some of our premium
stills brands moderated during the quarter.
Our granular action plans to win back consumers with contextually relevant advertising, more focused value and
affordability initiatives, and close customer partnerships are working. Several bright spots in our total beverage
portfolio include Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Diet Coke, Fanta, fairlife, BODYARMOR and Powerade, which each
grew volume. We're continuing to get good traction with our foodservice customers on both renewals and
category expansion, and our system is stepping up execution and earning increased share of visible inventory.
In Latin America, volume declined, but we grew organic revenue and profit. We benefited from the improving
economy in Argentina, and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar had strong volume growth in Brazil and Mexico. In Mexico,
despite cycling a difficult comparison versus the prior year and navigating a more difficult start to the year, two-
year volume trends improved during the quarter until uncharacteristically cold weather and a major hurricane
impacted the trajectory in June. To drive transactions, we're reprioritizing investments, driving affordability with
refillables and premiumization with single-serve offerings, and scaling connected packaging and our system's
digital customer platforms.
In EMEA, all three of our operating units grew volume, and we also had revenue and profit growth. In Europe,
volume growth was driven by both Eastern and Western markets and was partially helped by cycling an easier
comparison versus the prior year. Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Sprite and Fuze Tea each grew volume. We activated
our Share a Coke campaign across 38 markets in Europe and included prominent musicians and influencers. The
campaign leveraged our Memory Maker digital tool, which allowed drinkers in some markets to share
personalized memes and videos with friends and family. We also tapped into Sprite Spicy Meals and Wanta
Fanta campaigns.
In Eurasia and Middle East, despite multiple conflicts in the region during the quarter, we grew volume and won
value share. We're leveraging our learnings to emphasize the localness of our system, which includes local
sourcing, production, employment and distribution. We're focusing on locally relevant sparkling flavors innovations
and affordability with attractive absolute price points, value packages and tailored promotions.
In Africa, despite a worsening macroeconomic growth outlook, we grew volume. Egypt, Morocco and Nigeria,
each continued their strong momentum. Our system's actions are working. We've refined our pack price
4
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC