The Coca-Cola Co.
(KO) Corrected Transcript
Q2 2025 Earnings Call 22-Jul-2025
We grew organic revenues 5%. Unit cases declined 1%, largely due to a weaker-than-expected June.
Concentrate sales were even with unit cases. Our price/mix growth of 6% was primarily driven by approximately 5
points of pricing actions and 1 point of favorable mix. Pricing from intense inflationary markets contributed to
approximately 1 point of price/mix growth, down from approximately 5 points in full year 2024.
Comparable gross margin increased approximately 80 basis points and comparable operating margin increased
approximately 190 basis points. Both were driven by underlying expansion, partially offset by currency headwinds.
Approximately one-third of our underlying expansion was driven by faster realization of our productivity initiatives,
while the rest was driven by timing of investments and favorable cycling versus the prior year.
Putting it all together, second quarter comparable EPS of $0.87 increased 4% year-over-year despite 5%
currency headwinds, elevated net interest expense and an approximate 2-point increase in our effective tax rate.
Free cash flow excluding the fairlife contingent consideration payment was $3.9 billion, which is an increase of
approximately $600 million versus the prior year. Growth was driven by underlying business performance and
lower tax payments, partially offset by cycling working capital benefits in the prior year.
During the quarter, we made our final $1.2 billion transition tax payment related to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act. Our balance sheet remains strong with our net debt leverage of 2 times EBITDA, which is at the low-end of
our target range of 2 to 2.5 times. We're confident in our long-term free cash flow generation and have ample
balance sheet capacity to pursue our capital allocation agenda, which prioritizes continuing to invest in our
business and returning capital to our shareowners.
Enabled by our all-weather strategy, we're updating our 2025 guidance, which takes into consideration our actions
to drive growth in a dynamic context and what we know today about our external environment. We continue to
expect organic revenue growth of 5% to 6%, but now expect comparable currency neutral earnings per share
growth of approximately 8%, both of which reflect delivery in line with our long-term growth algorithm.
Based on current rates and our hedge positions, we now anticipate an approximate 1 to 2-point currency
headwind to comparable net revenues and an approximate 5-point currency headwind to comparable earnings
per share for full year 2025. While we recognize there's recently been some favorable currency movements, we
hedge much of our developed market and some of our developing market exposure, and it will take time to see
the full benefits.
We will continue to utilize the disciplined hedging strategy that provides greater certainty for decision-making. Our
underlying effective tax rate for 2025 is still expected to be 20.8%, which is more than a 2-point increase versus
the prior year. All-in, based on what we know today, we now expect 2025 comparable earnings per share growth
of approximately 3% versus $2.88 in 2024.
There are some considerations to keep in mind for the remainder of 2025. We continue to expect our external
landscape to be dynamic, and we expect recovery in some markets to take time. We are expecting concentrate
sales to run slightly behind unit cases during the third quarter. Based on what we know today, we continue to
believe the impact of global trade dynamics on our cost structure will be manageable. Given the strong margin
expansion that came through earlier in the year, we no longer expect margins to be back half weighted in 2025.
Last, due to our reporting calendar, there will be one additional day in the fourth quarter.
So, in summary, while the external environment continues to evolve, we're successfully pivoting to continue to
deliver top line growth, margin expansion and earnings per share growth. In the first half of the year, we've
effectively tackled many challenges not anticipated at the outset, and we will continue to adapt to whatever lies
7
1-877-FACTSET www.callstreet.com Copyright © 2001-2025 FactSet CallStreet, LLC