NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
This earnings release presents diluted EPS excluding certain items (also referred to as adjusted EPS),
total segment operating income and free cash flow. Diluted EPS excluding certain items, total segment
operating income and free cash flow are important financial measures for the Company but are not
financial measures defined by GAAP.
These measures should be reviewed in conjunction with the most comparable GAAP financial
measures and are not presented as alternative measures of diluted EPS, income before income taxes or
cash provided by operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. Diluted EPS excluding certain
items, total segment operating income and free cash flow as we have calculated them may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
Our definitions and calculations of diluted EPS excluding certain items, total segment operating
income and free cash flow, as well as quantitative reconciliations of each of these measures to the most
directly comparable GAAP financial measure, are provided below.
The Company is not providing the forward-looking measure for diluted EPS, which is the most
directly comparable GAAP measure to diluted EPS excluding certain items, or a quantitative
reconciliation of forward-looking diluted EPS excluding certain items to that most directly comparable
GAAP measure. The Company is unable to predict or estimate with reasonable certainty the ultimate
outcome of certain significant items required for such GAAP measure without unreasonable effort.
Information about other adjusting items that is currently not available to the Company could have a
potentially unpredictable and significant impact on future GAAP financial results.
Diluted EPS excluding certain items
The Company uses diluted EPS excluding (1) certain items affecting comparability of results from
period to period and (2) amortization of TFCF and Hulu intangible assets, including purchase accounting
step-up adjustments for released content, to facilitate the evaluation of the performance of the
Company’s operations exclusive of these items, and these adjustments reflect how senior management
is evaluating segment performance.
The Company believes that providing diluted EPS exclusive of certain items impacting comparability
is useful to investors, particularly where the impact of the excluded items is significant in relation to
reported earnings and because the measure allows for comparability between periods of the operating
performance of the Company’s business and allows investors to evaluate the impact of these items
separately.
The Company further believes that providing diluted EPS exclusive of amortization of TFCF and Hulu
intangible assets associated with the acquisition in 2019 is useful to investors because the TFCF and Hulu
acquisition was considerably larger than the Company’s historic acquisitions with a significantly greater
acquisition accounting impact.
17