2.2.4 Legal risks used by some investors to inform their investment and voting
In recent years, a variety of plaintiffs have brought legal claims decisions. Also, some stakeholders, including but not limited to
against various defendants alleging climate-related losses and sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, have been
damages. As disclosed on page 24 of the company’s 2022 Annual promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders
Report on Form 10-K, increasing attention to climate change may to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil
result in additional government investigations and private litigation fuel reserves. Unfavorable ESG ratings and investment community
against Chevron. divestment initiatives may lead to increased negative investor
sentiment toward Chevron and our industry and to the diversion of
We have highly capable legal staff and associated safeguards investment to other industries.
through all levels of the enterprise to identify, evaluate and
actively address legal risks. Our legal experts review and report on Our GIC actively stewards our reputation by working toward
emerging issues and trends that could impact the company. They alignment of key corporate policies, practices and public positions
aim to provide systematic reviews of climate-related matters and related to climate change. Refer to Section 1, “Governance
timely analysis and advice for the management of identified risks. Framework” (see pages 7–11).
2.2.5 Reputational risks The Stakeholder Engagement and Issues Management process
As disclosed on pages 24–25 of the company’s 2022 Annual Report in our OEMS facilitates engagement with local communities
on Form 10-K, increasing attention to ESG matters, including those and stakeholders to identify and assess the unique risks for
related to climate change, may impact our business. Organizations each business unit’s operations. Potential social, political and
that provide information to investors on corporate governance and reputational risks are identified, leading to risk management
related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating strategies. We regularly engage with investors and other
companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are stakeholders to receive feedback on climate-related issues.
climate-related litigation
Chevron, along with other investor-owned energy companies and geopolitical imperatives. Granting the putative relief requested in
comprising a small subset of the industry, has been named as a these lawsuits would neither reduce global demand for oil and gas nor
defendant in 25 lawsuits brought by four U.S. states, the District of effectively address climate change. Targeting investor-owned energy
Columbia, various county and city governments, and a fishing trade companies while ignoring the much larger production of state-owned
group. The lawsuits seek to hold the targeted companies financially companies and GHG emissions from other sectors of the economy
responsible for the alleged effects of climate change, seeking billions is arbitrary and opportunistic and would punish companies that are
of dollars in alleged damages, remediation costs and contingency-fee often the most transparent, innovative and responsible producers of
payments to private lawyers representing most of the plaintiffs. The the energy that is essential to modern life.
lawsuits’ proponents seek to radically transform modern society.
Claims that Chevron has improperly concealed superior knowledge
In the only case that to date has been finally resolved on the merits, of climate change from the public are false. The potential climate
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the dismissal effects of GHG emissions – including those produced by certain
of all claims: “To permit this suit to proceed under state law would … end users of fossil fuels – have been the subject of extensive study
risk upsetting the careful balance that has been struck between the funded and published by the United States government, among
prevention of global warming … and energy production, economic other national and international bodies, for more than half a century.
growth, foreign policy and national security.” See City of New York This massive body of research has been the subject of widespread
v. Chevron Corp., 993 F.3d 81 (2d Cir. 2021). The court characterized public discussion by prominent scientists, activists and government
climate change as a “uniquely international problem of national officials. Within this broad public debate, policymakers at every level
concern” that is not apt for adjudication under state law. of government – including government entities that are plaintiffs in
these lawsuits – have made policy decisions to continue the produc-
In Chevron’s view, the suggestion that a few, investor-owned energy
tion and use of oil and gas after weighing the costs, benefits and
companies should be held retroactively liable for the cumulative
competing priorities.
effects of the phenomena contributing to climate change is legally
and factually baseless. These companies’ collective production meets Chevron believes that climate change is a global issue that requires
only a small fraction of global oil and gas demand and contributes global solutions. We welcome meaningful efforts to address climate
an even smaller portion of overall GHG emissions. The production change and look forward to continuing to engage with governments
of oil and gas has brought immense economic and security benefits and stakeholders to develop constructive solutions to help deliver
to billions of people around the world, including the citizens of the a lower carbon future. Attempting to use the court system to usurp
state and local governments filing these lawsuits, which is why it has the proper role of policymakers, stifle disfavored speech on issues of
long been permitted, promoted and even mandated by governments public importance, and retroactively punish investor-owned energy
around the world. Seeking to impose retroactive liability against a companies for lawful and beneficial activity is not an appropriate or
small group of energy companies disregards the history of how our effective means of accomplishing that objective.
complex energy system has developed, as well as national security
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
15