section 2: risk management
2.1 physical risks
enterprise risk management According to the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report, the physical risks of climate
change are varied and widespread. As disclosed on page 21 of
Chevron employs risk management processes for identifying,
assessing and managing the risks to our business, including the company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, the company’s
potential climate change-related risks. operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes
beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes,
Our ERM process provides corporate oversight for assessing
major risks to the company and the safeguards and mitigations severe storms, floods, heat waves, other forms of severe weather,
that are put in place. As part of the annual ERM process, the wildfires, ambient temperature increases, sea level rise, fires and
ELT reviews risk categories that pertain to external stakeholders, earthquakes, some of which may be impacted by climate change
geopolitical and legislative issues, organizational capability,
and any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm
and skilled personnel, among others, and their potential conse-
to people or the natural environment.
quences, financial and otherwise. An executive from the ELT
owns each risk category, directs a team to identify, safeguard
and mitigate enterprise risks, and reports the findings to the ELT. Our operations have practices in place to help manage
Following endorsement by the ELT, the annual ERM assessment risks associated with the impacts of ambient conditions and
is reviewed by the Board of Directors. Potential climate change-
extreme weather events, regardless of any connection to
related risks are integrated into multiple ERM categories.
anthropogenic climate change. These long-standing practices
Our management of risk is further aided by other systems and
are also applied to address possible effects of climate change
processes such as our Operational Excellence Management
and to maintain the resilience of our infrastructure. For example,
System (OEMS).
Chevron’s Metocean Design and Operating Conditions guideline
For more information on OEMS and focus area examples, see our
provides guidance for the physical parameters to be used in
2022 Corporate Sustainability Report.
the design, construction and operation of offshore and coastal
facilities, including those on land that may be threatened by
coastal inundation due to storm surges. Chevron and a third party
developed screening tools to identify potential physical risks
Climate disclosure frameworks generally identify two main areas of
at our assets globally as part of the Physical Risk from Climate
corporate climate risk: physical risks and transition risks.* Physical
Change procedure, formerly Climate Assess. The procedure is
risks include potential physical impacts driven by both acute
captured within the corporate OEMS, as part of the Environment
events and long-term shifts in climate patterns. Transition risks
Risk Management Process, and is for use in identifying, assessing,
include the potential risks to a company arising from the transition
managing and mitigating the potential physical impacts of climate
to a lower carbon energy system, such as litigation, technology
change to Chevron activities, including existing operations,
advancements and changes in policy, supply and demand, and
operational changes, projects and new opportunities.
stakeholder perceptions.
With worldwide operations subject to diverse microclimates and
weather phenomena, we stay prepared for the possibility of natural
disasters. Based on risk evaluations and business impact analysis,
business units develop and implement a business continuity plan
to provide continuous availability – or prompt recovery – of critical
business processes, resources and facility operations. Our business
units work with local communities and emergency response teams
to develop site-specific plans in the event of any disruption. The
plans and processes are regularly reviewed and tested to promote
business continuity.
* Two such frameworks are CalPERS/Wellington Management, Physical Risks of Climate Change
(P-ROCC), which can be accessed at wellington.com/en/wellington-news/physical-risks-of-
climate-change-p-rocc, and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD),
Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, which can be accessed
at assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/60/2020/10/FINAL-2017-TCFD-Report-11052018.pdf.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
13