Equilibrium
demand
Equilibrium
price
Margin*
Marginal
producer
Supply
Lowest-cost
producer
ecirP
3.4 prices: near term and long term
We analyze near- and long-term commodity prices with climate commodity-price forecasts
change policies and other regulatory and policy impacts. We utilize
various quantitative methods to combine our supply-and-demand
Our comprehensive, proprietary forecasts of commodity prices
views and solve for equilibrium commodity prices at which the significantly influence our strategic and business planning.
marginal producer can enter the market and still earn a reasonable Because price is determined in a competitive marketplace,
rate of return (Exhibit 24). scenarios are used to reflect market uncertainties, generating
multiple price trajectories. Our price outlooks include carbon-
price forecasts and cover a wide range of oil prices, natural gas
prices, new energies prices, and costs of goods and services,
among other considerations. These forecasts reflect long-range
Exhibit 24. Price is set where supply crosses demand
effects from population and economic growth, energy mix,
energy efficiency standards, climate-related policy actions,
demand response to prices, technology trajectory, and cost
projection of supplies.
Demand
difference between carbon
price and carbon cost
Although the terms are sometimes used interchangeably, a
“carbon price,” a “carbon cost,” and a “shadow” or “proxy”
carbon price are different. For example, the term “carbon cost”
is sometimes used to refer to carbon pricing and sometimes
used to refer to the societal impacts from carbon emissions.
Quantity A shadow or proxy carbon price is a hypothetical, aggregated
price of carbon, which may include estimates for nonpricing
Note: For illustration only. Not drawn to scale.
regulations, published for investment analysis purposes.
Producers with costs lower than the marginal producer – lower and to the left on the blue stack –
produce more and have larger margins than the marginal producer, in yellow. Producers with costs For us, the term “carbon price” refers to an external price
higher than the marginal producer – higher and to the right on the gray supply stack – typically
would not develop assets. resulting from a policy like a carbon tax or cap-and-trade
system, and for us, a “carbon cost” is generally a function of a
* Margin is shared between all parties involved in production.
jurisdiction-specific carbon-price forecast and asset-specific
characteristics that represent the cost for compliance the asset
would face. Like oil price forecasts, the proprietary information
and the analysis that go into carbon-price forecasts and carbon-
Near term: Markets are primarily characterized by the existing
cost calculations are important to our strategy. Disclosure of
fixed capital stock, which was determined by past capital
our carbon-price forecasts or carbon-cost calculations could
investment decisions. Generally, because production cannot compromise commercially and competitively sensitive informa-
respond quickly to changes in activity levels, near-term prices are tion. Consistent with our proprietary oil and gas price forecasts,
a function of available production, spare capacity and near-term we do not disclose our carbon-price forecasts or carbon costs.
demand conditions. For a new conventional oil field, “first oil” may We support a carbon price.
take three to 10 years, depending on multiple factors, including
the asset type and regulation. Tight oil has shorter development
times; however, as discussed on page 31, uncertainties about shale
operators’ access to capital could limit tight oil’s impact on near-
term prices.
Long term: Competitive markets are characterized by mobility
of capital investment. Over the long term, prices are determined
where long-term supply and long-term demand curves intersect at
a point that reflects the marginal operating costs, the investment
costs on both the supply side and the demand side, and a minimum
rate of return.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
36