section 5: performance and policy
to drive the most pragmatic policy, incentivize producers to
abate more, inform buyers on making lower carbon choices in a
measuring and advocating
standardized manner and identify more cost-efficient emissions
for what matters reduction options.
We need to advance lifecycle assessment. Corporate GHG
To advance an orderly transition to a lower carbon future,
we believe GHG emissions (carbon) data and policies that emissions inventory reporting has been around for approximately
incentivize capital markets and customers to make rational 20 years.38 Emissions inventory reporting developed from the
choices are needed. In 2022, over 70% of Chevron’s equity top down, starting with global calculated emissions moving to
direct emissions were covered by mandatory GHG reporting
national calculations and then, more recently, corporate reporting.
programs and more than 50% of our direct emissions were in
The more we can integrate a lifecycle approach, the more we can
regions with existing or developing carbon-pricing policies.
Chevron actively engages with stakeholders to advance lifecycle improve decision making across specific value chains.
analysis and works with governments to help implement
well-designed climate policies. We aim to find common ground Absolute reporting emissions provides insight into company size,
among stakeholders and companies with varying views to
sector or types of activities in which a company engages. Intensity-
achieve a lower carbon future for all.
or performance-based reporting is useful for assessing relative
carbon efficiency, or carbon performance, of different suppliers
of products and services for similar activities (Exhibit 31). Being
able to assess, quantify and communicate carbon performance in
5.1 assessing performance on a lifecycle basis a standardized way across the lifecycle of products and services
can help promote reduction activities and policies. Steps have been
The world is not on track to meet the goals of the Paris Agree- made by some jurisdictions in assessing carbon performance using
ment* and needs better data to enable better decisions to intensity data, which can be a building block to a lifecycle analysis,
advance these goals. Chevron believes lifecycle analysis (LCA) is a also known as “carbon footprinting.”
powerful tool to enable data-driven decisions. A lifecycle approach
to carbon accounting facilitates informed decision making 5.1.1 Standardized lifecycle accounting for emissions,
throughout the value chain. Carbon data that is consistent, reliable reductions and removals would enable more complete and
and transparent across sectors, products and firms of all sizes can comparable data and enable standardized assessments of
be used to understand the carbon performance associated with carbon performance relative to alternatives.
a good or service at each stage of the lifecycle, from production
to manufacturing to transport (Exhibit 30). Aggregating the data Actual: Primary data are key to differentiating between product
enables a full lifecycle assessment that can improve decision suppliers. Primary data – via methods specific to the underlying
quality at each point at which policy, manufacturing or purchasing product, process and supplier – are needed to assess the relative
decisions are made. Such an approach could enable policymakers
Exhibit 30: It is important to assess carbon performance for comparable stages in the lifecycle
lifecycle
production transport manufacturing transport use emissions
+ + + + =
25 5 37 5 420 492†
kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe kg CO2e/boe
* The UN Environment Programme’s Emissions Gap Report 2022, unep.org, shows that the world is not on track to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting global warming to well below 2° C, preferably 1.5° C.
† Illustrative values are based on production and manufacturing values from Chevron’s oil and refining carbon intensities, respectively, as stated on page 66 in Chevron’s GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
table; transport value based on Chevron internal analysis of IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018; end-use value from API, GHG Compendium (2021), api.org.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
51