glossary
definition of selected energy terms Flaring The controlled burning of gas, including associated gas, in the
course of oil and gas operations. In many types of operations, including
Avoided emissions The reduction in GHG emissions associated with a those where gas is sold, reinjected or otherwise utilized, safety flaring can
product or service relative to alternatives. be an important and necessary activity to ensure safe operations. The
combustion efficiency of a well-designed and operated flare is generally
Barrels of oil-equivalent (boe) A unit of measure to quantify crude oil,
assumed to be greater than 98%, meaning that less than 2% of the gas
natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the same basis. Natural
passes through the flare stack unburnt. At the individual flare level, local
gas volumes are converted to barrels on the basis of energy content.
parameters, such as gas content and quality, flare design, flow rates, exit
Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) The process of capturing velocities and steam use, contribute to overall combustion efficiency.
carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a feedstock (utilization) There are currently no straightforward methods to continuously measure
or permanently storing them in geological formations deep underground or monitor the actual combustion efficiency or destruction and removal
(storage). efficiency of a flare.
Carbon efficiency The extent to which a given level of output is produced Gas-to-liquids (GTL) A process that converts natural gas into high-quality
with fewer carbon emissions relative to average output. liquid transportation fuels and other products.
Carbon footprint (of product) Sum of greenhouse gas emissions Hydrogen, lower carbon intensity (LCI) hydrogen LCI hydrogen includes
and greenhouse gas removals in a product system expressed as specified hydrogen production pathways like steam methane reforming
CO₂-equivalents based on a lifecycle assessment using the simple impact with carbon capture and storage and electrolysis with lower carbon power.
category of climate change. A carbon footprint can represent the complete
Lifecycle analysis/assessment (LCA) A tool that can be used to evaluate
lifecycle of a product or a partial lifecycle based on selected lifecycle
the potential environmental impacts of a product, material, process or
stages (sometimes referred to as a “partial carbon footprint”).
activity. An LCA is a comprehensive method for assessing a range of
Carbon intensity The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon dioxide- environmental impacts across the full lifecycle of a product system, from
equivalent (CO₂e) per unit of measure. materials acquisition to manufacturing, use and final disposition.
Combustion The combustion of gas in fuel-burning equipment is not 100% Liquefied natural gas (LNG) Natural gas that is liquefied under extremely
efficient, and some methane emissions occur as a result of uncombusted cold temperatures to facilitate storage or transportation in specially
gas being released via the equipment exhaust stream. The uncombusted designed vessels.
proportion of gas varies between internal and external combustion sources
Lower carbon A term describing environments, technologies, business
(engines, turbines, heaters and boilers); therefore, equipment-specific data
sectors, markets, energy sources and mixes of energy sources, including
or emission factors are typically used for emissions quantification.
traditional energy sources, among other things, characterized by or
Decarbonization Generally refers to the process of stopping or reducing enabling the reduction of carbon emissions or carbon intensities.
release of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, into the atmos-
Lower carbon energy Energy sources and mixes of energy sources,
phere as the result of a process. For Chevron, decarbonization can refer to
including traditional energy sources, that, in their production and use, emit
reducing absolute emissions or reducing the carbon intensity of a process
less carbon emissions or have lower carbon intensity than other forms.
or asset.
Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas Oil, natural gas and
Detection threshold The minimum quantity or concentration of a gas
hydrocarbon-based products that are produced and sold to customers
(e.g., methane) that is reliably detectable by detection equipment. This is
with a carbon intensity below that of traditional oil, natural gas and
sometimes called minimum detection limit. Detection limits can vary based
hydrocarbon-based products.
on the type of technology selected as well as the conditions during the
measurement period. Methane intensity The amount of methane per unit of measure. Methane
intensity can be determined for a facility (e.g., compressor station), an area
Emission factor A numerical factor relating activity data (e.g., tonnes
(e.g., production basin) or even an entire value chain (e.g., from natural gas
of fuel consumed, tonnes of product produced or number of pneumatic
production to distribution).
controllers) to emissions. Emission factors generally represent the amount
of emissions per activity unit, for example standard cubic feet of gas per Methane management A holistic approach to addressing methane emis-
hour per pneumatic controller. Emission factors are typically developed sions performance across multiple dimensions, including actions to reduce
based on a population of direct measurements of emission sources methane emissions intensity through facility design and operational best
or activities. practices; deployment of advanced technology to detect, measure and
quantify site- and source-level emissions; and development and assurance
of methane emissions inventories for reporting and disclosures.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
80