We believe that lower carbon intensity oil and gas assets • Business-development screening: Our screening processes to
will remain economically competitive under a wide range of assess opportunities include a range of considerations, such as
future scenarios. We also believe that our asset mix enables us portfolio fit and impact on portfolio carbon intensity.
to be flexible in response to potential changes in supply and
demand, even in hypothetical lower carbon scenarios like the NZE • Marginal abatement cost curve (MACC): Our MACC process
Scenario (see pages 16–21 of Section 2). Our growing new energy is a disciplined and value-driven approach to cost-effectively
businesses provide us with the opportunity to deploy capital and reduce the carbon intensity of our operations and assets by
generate returns in accelerated energy transition pathways. optimizing carbon reduction opportunities and integrating GHG
mitigation technologies across the enterprise (see page 39).
The scale of investment and time involved in finding, extracting and We source emissions reduction opportunities from operated
processing oil and gas requires long-term planning and decision and nonoperated assets. We apply both deterministic and
making to effectively manage the uncertainties inherent in these probabilistic analysis to assess opportunities, consistent
markets. Our strategic and business planning processes guide our with our DA practices. We use portfolio theory and efficient
actions as we aim to safely deliver higher returns and lower carbon. frontier analysis to identify a portfolio of opportunities
across the technology spectrum, segments, business units
Key strategic processes that support our ability to operate in a and geographies.
lower carbon future include:
3.1 long-term fundamentals
• Decision analysis (DA): Our DA process is structured for
developing, evaluating and comparing alternatives, including
Fundamentals that drive strategic focus and action
future options, in the face of risk and uncertainty. Our DA
Chevron’s strategic and business planning processes bring
function incorporates deterministic and probabilistic analyses
together our views on long-term energy market funda-
and economic and financial analysis tools, along with debiasing
mentals to help guide decisions on strategy, portfolio
techniques, to improve decision quality in many of the
management, business planning and capital allocation by
following processes.
executives and to facilitate oversight by the Board of Directors
(Exhibit 7). We use models and internal analysis to forecast
• Capital-project approvals: Investments are developed,
demand, energy mix, supply, commodity prices and carbon
approved and implemented in the context of the strategic plan,
prices, all of which include assumptions about future policy
segment-specific business plans and commodity price forecasts.
and technology developments. A cross-functional team tracks
Investment proposals are evaluated by management and, as
and forecasts long-term fundamentals to inform us of potential
appropriate, reported to the Executive Committee and the Board
changes in market dynamics that could indicate the need for
of Directors. Final decisions are guided by a strategic assessment
changes to strategy.
of the business landscape. GHG-related factors are considered in
project-appropriation assessments.
Exhibit 7. A disciplined approach to strategy development
economic macrotrends
population growth, increased living
standards and consumer behavior
long-term total supply price strategic
market policy demand level and for each
focus
fundamentals policy trends, framework and impacts for energy cost of supply energy solution
and mix
technology
technology breakthroughs and scale-up
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
24