Hydrogen: Hydrogen is a versatile energy carrier, with potential as Renewable fuels: Renewable fuels can be produced from
a lower carbon fuel, particularly in sectors where carbon intensity bio-based feedstocks through conventional refining process
is harder to abate, including heavy-duty transportation, marine technologies and include biodiesel, renewable diesel, sustainable
transportation and heat-intensive manufacturing. Hydrogen aviation fuel (SAF) and advanced gasoline. The IEA notes that
may also play a role in the power generation sector as a fuel renewable fuels will be central to reducing emissions from long-
source and as a storage medium to balance intermittency of distance transportation, aviation and high-temperature heat
renewables. Lower carbon intensity hydrogen demand could industries. Renewable fuels are particularly important in lowering
significantly increase if infrastructure is built and hydrogen costs the carbon intensity of transportation, serving as low-carbon
come down (Exhibit 11).18 The emergence of hydrogen value solutions for existing technologies, such as light-duty vehicles
chains connecting producers with consumers is also critical to in the near term and heavy-duty trucks, ships and aircraft with
enabling scale. Government policies can help reduce costs and few alternative solutions in the long term. Many renewable
lower the risk of investment for early entrants. Transparent and fuels are compatible with existing infrastructure and can be used
standard quantification of carbon intensity of hydrogen and with existing technologies, making them an attractive lower-
hydrogen-derived fuels is needed to inform decision making and emissions substitute for conventional fuels. Use of renewable
accelerate effective reductions. More than 15 different standards fuels can result in lower emissions than conventional fuels on
exist or are under development to calculate hydrogen carbon a lifecycle basis, depending on feedstocks, production pathways,
intensity. Each varies on key approaches, such as temporal and and carbon accounting treatment of emissions associated
geographical location of renewable energy used for hydrogen with cropland cultivation and avoided emissions. Differences
production 19 and chain of custody requirements. The same activity in accounting treatment can result in the same biofuel appearing
or product having a different emissions performance assessment to have different carbon performance.
can lead to methodology arbitrage, market fragmentation
and suboptimal investment. Battery storage: Over the past decade, there has been notable
cost reduction and performance improvement in lithium-ion
(Li-ion) batteries and other storage technologies. However, in
recent years, cost declines have slowed, and in 2022, costs actually
Exhibit 11. Under the IEA APS, hydrogen demand could
increased due to higher raw material prices and supply chain
significantly increase by midcentury
constraints.20 Renewable energy production and technology
(bcm/y)
advancements such as smart-grid and demand-management,
coupled with battery storage, have the potential to increase
800 electrification and reduce carbon emissions. These advances
facilitate increased use of renewable energy in electricity
generation and help mitigate the problem of intermittency.
600
Assessing the carbon efficiency of technologies enabled by
batteries can be enhanced using a lifecycle approach to carbon
accounting. For example, batteries can account for up to 60% of
400 GHG emissions in electric vehicle (EV) production.21 Including
emissions associated with battery production in a lifecycle
assessment of carbon accounting can provide a more complete
200 assessment of relative GHG performance.
Even with improvements in energy storage, many leading energy
experts agree that additional technology breakthroughs are
0
2021 2030 2050 needed to enable wider scaling of renewables and decarbonization
in other hard-to-abate sectors. We believe CCUS and hydrogen are
Industry Buildings Power
among the most promising of these other technologies.
Transport Input for H2-based fuels Other
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY
4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
27