Demand 2 Demand 1
Price 1
Price 2
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Demand 1 Demand 2 Supply
Price 2
Price 1
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
Renewable power
Other technologies
CCUS
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Quantity, tonnes CO2e
Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
Renewable power
Other technologies CCS
e2OC
ennot/$
,tsoC
Policy organizational framework: Given the scale of the global Exhibit 33. A MACC can be a helpful organizational framework
challenge to address climate change, allocation of resources as for policy analysis and abatement-potential analysis†
efficiently and effectively as possible is critical to creating the
greatest progress. Curtailing emissions at the lowest cost per
tonne, irrespective of where or in which sectors those abatements
occur, is the most economically efficient approach. Such efforts,
grouped by category, can be ordered by cost of the reduction on
a per-tonne basis in a graphical representation (Exhibit 33), often
referred to as a “marginal abatement cost curve,” or MACC.*
Each bar represents one category of mitigation opportunity.
The height of each bar represents the cost of abatement, generally
expressed in a cost per tonne of carbon dioxide-equivalent
(CO₂e), and the width of each bar represents the volume of
abatement, usually in tonnes of CO₂e. Generally, efficiency and
some renewable-power applications are less costly than nature-
and land-based reductions, which are generally less costly than Efficiency, maintenance Forestry, agriculture,
waste management, industry
CCUS and other technologies still in early development. Potential Renewable power
Exhibit 34. In markets with caOrbthoenr tpecrhicnionlogg,i ethse carbon cost often
carbon reduction costs and volumes can also vary by geography CCS
follows the cost of abatement in the market†
or application.40
Many economists believe the most efficient way to achieve
economywide emissions reduction is through a price on carbon.41
We agree. Carbon pricing incentivizes reductions across the
economy and investment in reduction technologies for the future.
A price in the form of either a tax – which sets a price on
emissions – or a cap-and-trade system – which sets the volume
of emissions reduction – can incentivize solutions within a
market-based framework, strengthening and compounding its
comparative advantages over time (Exhibit 34). In addition, a
carbon tax could raise revenue that may be invested or returned to
impacted communities and consumers.
The wider the coverage of a price, the more opportunities to
find carbon reductions. For example, for economies that are
not members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation Exhibit 35. In markets with narrowly targeted policies,
and Development (OECD), it is often less expensive to reduce abatement opportunities may be reordered†
emissions because investment may not have been made in more
efficient technologies. By linking OECD and non-OECD economies,
financing can be mobilized to incentivize reductions at the lowest
cost. It is estimated that with global cooperation (e.g., through the
Paris Agreement), reductions can be made at half the cost of an
inefficient and unlinked system.42
Policies narrowly targeted at specific geographic regions,
sectors or technologies are likely to miss the efficiencies of a
comprehensive market-based system. The impact of a targeted
approach may be a reordering of the MACC opportunities – by
shifting a higher-cost activity to the left on the graph (Exhibit 35).
This typically achieves less emissions reduction, at any given cost.
* Construction of a MACC requires detailed understanding of a wide range of technologies and
mitigation options across the various sectors of the economy. Numerous decisions are also
necessary, such as the grouping of technologies and the choice of discount rate, which can affect
both the volume and the cost calculations. MACCs should be taken as qualitative, rather than
quantitative, representations of the costs and potential magnitudes of mitigation options unless † For illustration only. Not drawn to scale. Example of a marginal abatement cost curve;
done with facility- and project-specific information. project ranking represents average prices, but specific projects within categories vary.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
55