5.2 policy encourage national policies to support international linkages
(e.g., through Article 6 of the Paris Agreement), with the
goal of ultimately establishing a liquid and integrated global
we believe policy should
carbon market.
empower markets to incentivize the
most cost-efficient GHG abatement, Individual companies contribute to achieving the goals of the
Paris Agreement through their participation in policies that may
avoidance and removals
be included in the NDCs of the countries in which the companies
operate (Exhibit 32). We work with governments to encourage
We support the goals of the Paris Agreement. We believe policy well-designed policies, such as carbon pricing and encouraging
should drive the most efficient and cost-effective abatement the most efficient and least carbon-intensive producers of goods
economywide, along with natural and technological emissions and services. Most energy forecasts agree that oil and gas will
removals. Narrow sectoral or geographic approaches are less continue to be a significant source of energy – even in a net
efficient than broad economywide solutions, which are better zero scenario – for years to come. We believe that transparent
able to incentivize more efficient and cost-effective reductions. performance reporting will enable the market to reward the most
Chevron supports a price on carbon, applied as widely and broadly carbon-efficient producers.
as possible, as the best approach to reduce emissions. We work to
Exhibit 32. Nearly all countries have endorsed the Paris Agreement, and many are supporting net zero ambitions
EnEdnodrsoerdse Pda Priasr Aisg Aregeremeemnetnt
EnEdnodrsoerdse Pda Priasr Aisg Aregeremeemnet nt
anadn gdo gvoevrnemrnemnet nsut psuppoprto frot rf or
nent ezet rzoe raom abmitbioitniosns
As of September 2023.
Sources: United Nations Treaty Collection, treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.
aspx?src=TREATY&mtdsg_no=XXVII-7-d&chapter=27&clang=_en; United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change, unfccc.int.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
54