1.2 executive management of climate risks 1.2.2 Global Issues Committee (GIC)
The GIC, chaired by the Vice Chairman of the Board, oversees the
Under the direction of the Board, Chevron’s Executive Committee development of Chevron’s policies and positions related to global
(EC) is composed of executive officers of Chevron and carries out issues that may have a significant impact on Chevron’s business
Board policy in managing the business affairs of the company. interests and reputation.
The Enterprise Leadership Team and Global Issues Committee,
described below, are subcommittees of the Executive Committee.
the vice president of chevron strategy
1.2.1 Enterprise Leadership Team (ELT) and sustainability also serves as secretary
The ELT is responsible for managing the composition, resource
to the PPSC, helping to connect the
allocation and strategic direction of Chevron’s portfolio to
GIC’s work to the PPSC
achieve Chevron’s objectives. The ELT focuses on performance
improvement by understanding current performance and business
drivers and assessing the progress and status of key corporate
The GIC receives updates from subject matter experts on an
initiatives, like the development of our New Energies business
array of climate change-related issues, such as carbon policy
lines (see pages 46–49) to evolve our portfolio in light of energy
development around the world; company positions on carbon
transition opportunities. The ELT also oversees the ERM process
policy; political developments; lobbying and trade association
(see page 13), which includes and addresses climate change-
activity; and environmental, social and governance (ESG) reporting
related risks. The ELT receives briefings from Chevron’s subject
practices. The GIC reviews the public climate change-related
matter experts on topics such as climate change; geopolitical
actions of other companies to understand how our peers are
risk; market conditions; energy transition strategies; peer
responding to climate change-related risks and energy transition
activities; performance on and updates to metrics; technology
opportunities. It also oversees our stockholder engagement plan
and innovation; policy; and future energy opportunities. The ELT
and reviews feedback from our stockholder engagements. The GIC
reviews market fundamentals for oil, gas, products, carbon and
is focused on ensuring that our strategy and position are clearly
new energy solutions (see page 24).
communicated and that stakeholder feedback and concerns are
carefully considered.
1.3 organizational capability on energy transition
Our people strategy is focused on engaging the full potential of our people utilization and storage (CCUS); hydrogen; and emerging power
to deliver the future of energy. We will achieve this by building great technologies, among others. The Chevron Technical Center develops
leaders, advancing our culture, and strengthening core and emerging skills. and deploys technology enterprisewide, including integrating lower
carbon technology into our operations.
We strive to continually improve execution across all aspects of our
business as the energy system evolves. Our Oil, Products & Gas (OPG) Chevron New Energies is focused on developing new lower carbon
organization combines upstream, midstream and downstream – the full businesses that have the potential to scale. Its focus includes commercial-
value chain – which allows for a more integrated approach to capital alloca- ization opportunities in renewable fuels, CCUS and offsets, hydrogen, and
tion, asset class excellence and value chain optimization. For example, emerging technologies.
the OPG Lower Carbon organization provides coordination to accelerate
Chevron Strategy and Sustainability (CSS) stewards the company’s
execution of high-impact opportunities and development of future lower
long-term strategy by integrating climate change, energy transition and
carbon pathways.
other sustainability themes into macroeconomic forecasting, supply-and-
Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) identifies, invests in and integrates demand forecasting, price forecasting, portfolio modeling and competitor
externally developed technologies and business solutions. CTV targets intelligence. In 2022, CSS formed a methane reduction team to guide and
innovation and transformational technology in areas like carbon capture, implement our enterprise methane strategy.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
11