Exhibit 27: Methane detection technology in our operations
technology type* capability benefits current challenges example operations
satellites • Detection thresholds • Potential to be the • Detection thresholds are Block 0/14, Angola
range from lowest-cost option by site high and restrict detection
Eastern Mediterranean, Israel
25,000 kg/hr to to very large sources
• Helpful in identifying
100 kg/hr super-emitters • Limited in producing El Trapial, Argentina
• Monthly to daily global facility-scale resolution
Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
coverage
• Does not work on cloudy days
Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
• Struggles with detection
over water and identifying Permian Basin, U.S.
the emitter with multiple
operators nearby
• Needs accurate local wind
data for quantification
aircraft • Detection thresholds • Leading service providers • Not all technologies Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
range from 50 kg/hr can likely capture most provide specific source or
Permian Basin, U.S.
to less than 3 kg/hr facility emissions emission size information,
• Scale of hundreds of meaning additional Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
detection is needed to
sites per day
identify the source Vaca Muerta, Argentina
Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
facility-scale periodic • Detection limits of • Ability to scan an entire • Field application requires Agbami/Delta, Nigeria
monitoring less than 1 kg/hr are site, including areas individual site visits and
Block 0/14, Angola
(drone or mobile lab) possible with the right that would otherwise be travel time between sites
wind conditions and difficult to reach with or platforms Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
site access handheld devices
• Challenges near electrical
Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
• Scale of tens of sites power lines and near
per day in onshore airports for drones Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
applications
• Weight of the emissions
Permian Basin, U.S.
sensors can reduce battery
life and limit flight time
for drones
facility-scale near- • Detection limits • Potential for 24/7 site • Research and development Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
continuous monitoring vary with the sensor coverage is needed to scale this
Permian Basin, U.S.
(fixed cameras, sensors, etc.) placement and wind approach
• Could have uses beyond
conditions and range methane detection • Generally need precise Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
from 25 kg/hr to less
wind data to interpret
than 1 kg/hr • May provide information on Wheatstone LNG, AU
detection results
the duration of intermittent
• Equipment is fixed at
sources
one site or location
manual leak detection • Detection limits • Ability to identify • Labor-intensive Block 0/14, Angola
(handheld screening like OGI vary based on exact location of a source
• Travel time between sites Denver-Julesburg Basin, U.S.
and EPA Method 21) environmental of emissions
and human factors • Third-party services • Human and site factors Eastern Mediterranean, Israel
but are generally impact results
available in locations with
characterized at less regulatory programs • Does not quantify Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG, AU
than 1 kg/hr emissions
• Potential to incorporate Gulf of Mexico, U.S.
• Scale of a few sites into emissions reporting • Can be difficult to reach
per day for fugitive components elevated sources with Permian Basin, U.S.
handheld detection tools
• Current industry and San Joaquin Valley, U.S.
regulatory approach
Tengizchevroil, Kazakhstan
El Trapial, Argentina
* Since 2016, Chevron has trialed 14 advanced methane detection technologies. Trials have included multiple projects with seven continuous monitoring Commercial use
devices: Project Canary (Canary X), Scientific Aviation (ChampionX) SOOFIE®, Honeywell Gas Cloud Imaging (GCI and Mini GCI), Aeris MIRA Ultra Mobile LDS,
Completed or ongoing pilot
Quanta3 and Qube (Axon). Trials have also involved four aerial survey vendors, Bridger Photonics, Kairos Aerospace, NASA JPL (AVIRIS-NG) and GHGSat; two
drone-based solutions from SeekOps and DJI (U10); and a satellite provider, GHGSat. Planning stages
AU = Australia
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
43