we believe it is a competitive advantage to
already operate in a lower carbon policy environment
We have direct exposure to carbon pricing via our operations in some of these jurisdictions.
We also operate in areas (Exhibit 43) that incentivize low-carbon intensity via GHG regulations
such as low-carbon fuel standards.
biofuels
Australia Renewable-fuel-blending mandates Philippines A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, California A low-carbon fuel mandate, in effect
in the state of New South Wales, in effect since in effect since 2007, applies to all fuel suppliers since 2011, applies to all fuel suppliers and sets
2007, and in the state of Queensland, in effect and requires that volumes of biofuels be blended carbon intensity standards for gasoline, diesel
since 2017, apply to all fuel suppliers and require into gasoline and diesel fuels. and the fuels that replace them.
that volumes of biofuels be blended into diesel
South Korea A renewable-fuel-blending New Mexico Discussion and efforts are underway
and gasoline fuels.
mandate, in effect since 2012, applies to all fuel to establish a clean fuels program.
Colombia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, suppliers and requires that volumes of biodiesel
Oregon A low-carbon fuel mandate has been in
in effect since 2001, applies to all fuel suppliers be blended into diesel fuel.
place since 2016. This is in addition to existing
and requires that volumes of biofuels, if available
Thailand A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, in renewable-fuel-blending mandates applicable to
domestically, be blended into motor fuels.
effect since 2007, applies to all fuel suppliers and all fuel suppliers, in effect since 2009.
Indonesia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, requires that volumes of biofuels, if available, be
Washington A low-carbon fuel mandate went
in effect since 2006, applies to all fuel suppliers blended into gasoline and diesel fuel.
into effect in 2023. This is in addition to existing
and requires that volumes of biofuels be blended
U.S. Federal A renewable-fuel-blending renewable-fuel-blending mandates applicable to
into gasoline and diesel fuel.
mandate, in effect since 2006, requires the all fuel suppliers, in effect since 2008.
Malaysia A renewable-fuel-blending mandate, in introduction of increasing volumes of biofuels
Vietnam A renewable-fuel-blending mandate,
effect since 2006, applies to all fuel suppliers and into the U.S. fuel supply. This obligation applies
in effect since 2018, applies to all fuel suppliers
requires that volumes of biofuels be blended into to all refiners and importers of gasoline and
and requires that volumes of ethanol be blended
diesel fuel. diesel fuels.
into gasoline.
methane
Canada Federal Our upstream operations are targets, including the elimination of routine California Our upstream operations are subject
included in existing methane regulations for flaring by 2030 and a 60% reduction in methane to a methane rule that requires LDAR, storage
the oil and gas sector that were developed in emissions from the sector by 2030, relative to a tank controls and controls for other equipment.
2018. In 2022, Environment and Climate Change 2020 baseline. Most requirements have been in effect since 2018
Canada began public consultations on regulatory and apply to both new and existing facilities.
U.S. Federal Our upstream operations are
designs to meet a new goal for sectoral methane
subject to proposed rule revisions to New Source Colorado Our upstream operations are subject
emissions reductions of 75% by 2030 from a 2012
Performance Standards (NSPS) and Mandatory to methane rules that require LDAR, storage tank
baseline. A final rule is expected in 2024.
Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) controls and controls for other equipment. The
Kazakhstan Our upstream operations are Subpart W that will add and modify requirements rules apply to new and existing facilities and have
subject to the Environmental Code, which to new and existing regulated sources. The been in effect since 2014. Updates in 2020 added
includes provisions for the phased adoption proposed NSPS OOOOb will require modifica- emissions monitoring requirements on new flow-
of Best Available Techniques (BAT) across tions to LDAR programs for new and modified back operations. Updates in 2023 added GHG
multiple sectors. In 2022, a draft directory on facilities, among other requirements. The emissions inventory verification requirements.
BAT for oil and gas production was circulated for proposed OOOOc will direct states to implement
New Mexico Our upstream operations are
stakeholder comment. rules on existing sources in the oil and gas sector.
subject to natural gas waste reduction rules
Nigeria Our upstream operations are subject to Our U.S. operations are affected by sections of that establish a statewide enforceable regulatory
the Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act, which directs framework to secure reduction in oil and gas
Commission guidelines for the management the EPA to impose and collect a charge on emissions and prevent the waste of natural gas
of methane and other GHG emissions in methane emissions that exceed segment-specific from new and existing sources, such as targeting
the upstream oil and gas sector, released in thresholds in the domestic natural gas value volatile organic compounds and methane reduc-
November 2022. The guidelines are designed chain, beginning for reporting year 2024. The tions as a co-benefit.
to support Nigeria’s emissions reduction EPA has issued proposed regulation potentially
significantly affecting the GHGRP.
Italics indicates a policy is under development.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
59