carbon capture, utilization
and storage and offsets
We believe that CCUS and carbon offsets are important to achieving global We are growing a carbon offsets business to meet a range of internal and
net zero and to our aim of accelerating progress toward the lower carbon external needs. This includes investing in compliance markets where we
ambitions of our company and customers. are regulated and providing solutions for our customers to help achieve
their emissions reduction goals. We have a global trading organization and
Chevron is working to develop and deploy CCUS technologies. Our strategy
actively invest in scalable solutions – like soil carbon storage, reforestation
is twofold: lower the carbon intensity of our existing assets and grow a
and mangrove restoration – to build a portfolio of high-integrity credits.
CCUS business that helps reduce emissions of the industries that enable
modern society. Nature-based solutions, including those quantified via
offsets, can be an important carbon sink.
TECHNOLOGY TO ACHIEVE ‘NET ZERO’
Bayou Bend CCS: Chevron has a membership interest in the Bayou Bend Carbon Sync: Chevron has invested with Carbon Sync, a soil carbon
joint venture with Talos Energy and Equinor. Bayou Bend is a CCS project farming project developer, to develop soil sequestration projects in
along the Texas Gulf Coast. In early 2023, the project was expanded to Western Australia. Through holistic management and regenerative farming
cover nearly 140,000 acres of geological formation both onshore and practices, Carbon Sync aims to improve soil health, enhancing its ability to
offshore, which has a gross potential storage resource of over 1 billion capture and sequester carbon. Our investment with Carbon Sync intends
tonnes of CO₂. The expansion helps position Bayou Bend to be a CO₂ to provide critical learning and insight related to the commercial and
transportation and storage provider for industrial emitters in and around technical aspects of soil carbon projects.
the Houston Ship Channel and the Beaumont/Port Arthur area.
Carbon Clean: Chevron is invested in Carbon Clean, a carbon capture
Eastridge CCS Project: Chevron plans to reduce the carbon intensity company providing solutions for hard-to-abate industries. As part of the
of our Central California operations by installing post-combustion carbon investment, Chevron and Carbon Clean are seeking to develop a carbon
capture equipment to capture CO₂ and store it thousands of feet under- capture pilot for Carbon Clean’s CycloneCC™ technology on a gas turbine
ground. This potential CCS project will begin at our Kern River Eastridge in San Joaquin Valley, California.
cogeneration plant in Kern County, California.
Restore the Earth Foundation: Chevron is participating in a reforestation
Australia GHG assessment permits: Chevron is part of three joint ventures project for up to 18,800 acres, planting approximately 3.7 million trees
that have been granted an interest in three offshore GHG assessment in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana. The project brings together Chevron and
permits. The permits authorize us to explore an area covering nearly Restore the Earth Foundation to develop a nature-based solution, with an
7.8 million acres – an area larger than Belgium – for potential GHG storage aim to generate 4.7 million tonnes of carbon offsets through the reforesta-
formations or injection sites. tion of natural cypress forests in St. Charles Parish.
Kern River Carbon Capture Project: Chevron, Svante and the U.S. International Emissions Trading Association (IETA): Chevron is a member
Department of Energy National Energy Technology Laboratory (project of IETA, a nonprofit created to establish an international framework for
#DE-FE0031944) are piloting technology that captures CO₂ from our Kern trading in GHG emissions reductions. IETA members seek to develop an
River facility in San Joaquin Valley, California. emissions trading regime that results in real and verifiable GHG emissions
reductions, while balancing economic efficiency with environmental
integrity and social equity. Chevron is also a founding member of IETA’s
Markets for Natural Climate Solutions Initiative, which draws on the power
of nature to actively manage land use emissions, remove carbon from the
atmosphere and store it in natural systems.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
47