3.3 demand and supply
How we approach demand: Our views on short- and long-term demand How we approach supply: Every year, we develop a range of long-
are based on analysis of macroeconomic and demographic trends, term supply scenarios for oil, gas and refined products to inform our
technological pathways, consumers’ behavioral patterns, and policy views on prices, test our strategies and assess business risks. The process
impacts, among other factors. Growing populations, rising incomes and involves our proprietary view of the principal drivers of supply growth,
urbanization are the principal forces behind energy-demand growth, including resource supply curves, production constraints, capacities
as they typically lead to greater use of transportation, heating, cooling, at secondary processing facilities, fiscal and financial requirements,
lighting and refrigeration. Policies will continue to play a large role in and geopolitical trends and shifts. Given the complex set of variables
aggregate energy demand and fuel mix. Given the range of uncertainty and uncertainties associated with forecasting long-term supply, we
across key demand drivers, we analyze multiple demand scenarios as part routinely examine multiple scenarios and assess our forecasts against
of our annual planning cycle. third-party perspectives.
3.3.1 View on oil demand uncertainty about the nature of demand recovery from the
In 2022, global liquid fuel demand rose to approximately pandemic, limited price recovery, and a more constrained capital
100 mmbd and nearly recovered to pre-COVID-19 levels.25 market could lead to inadequate investment, future supply
The IEA projects global oil demand to grow to approximately shortages and price volatility.
102 mmbd in 2023, supported by the world’s growing demand
for mobility.26 The 102 mmbd level would represent a new record Although oil markets are well supplied in the short term, in
high for annual oil consumption. Although global oil demand has the medium term more investment would be required to meet
grown at a rate of approximately 1 mmbd, or 1% per year, over the increased demand – often referred to as the “supply gap.” We
past several decades, the IEA Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) analyze this gap in order to forecast which types of resources will
projects that global oil demand will plateau at approximately be needed in the future. Typically, the most economical barrels
102 mmbd through 2050. Future projected growth in China, India are produced from reinvesting in existing production to minimize
and Southeast Asia is offset by projected demand declines in natural decline.
advanced economies. Other third-party scenarios project global
oil demand between a low of approximately 70 mmbd and a high
of 112 mmbd in the 2040–2050 horizon, highlighting the range of
Exhibit 17. Realized decline rates determine the size of the
future uncertainty on oil’s forward trajectory.
supply gap and opportunities for new investment
(mmboe/d)
3.3.2 View on oil supply
At a macro level, oil supply is significantly impacted by
110
producers’ strategies to manage near- and long-term uncertainties.
For example, producers respond to demand expectations by
adjusting investment levels. The IEA estimates that upstream oil
and gas investments have risen by 18% since 2020, when they 100
bottomed out due to COVID-related demand shocks.27 Further,
geopolitical factors can drive production levels, evidenced
by fluctuations in OPEC+ (OPEC plus 11 non-OPEC members)
90
production since 2021.
Capital spending on oil and gas is also impacted by the continued
need for maintenance and investment in existing assets to manage 80
decline rates (Exhibit 17). The production profile for a well, a field
or a geography depends on geological circumstances, engineering
practices and government policies, among other factors.
70
2015 2020 2025 2030
Although non-OPEC decline rates have been estimated to be
Supply with no new investment Additional new fields needed
approximately 3% 28 over the past decade, the increasing share of in IEA STEPS
Supply with additional investment
shale and tight oil has led to higher decline rates. Price declines in existing fields IEA NZE demand
stemming from COVID-19 demand shocks and OPEC+ tensions, Supply from already approved projects
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022,
License: CC BY 4.0 (report), CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
31