renewable fuels
We are developing compressed natural gas (CNG), renewable natural RNG and CNG: RNG and CNG projects capture methane that would
gas (RNG), hydrogen, renewable diesel (RD) and biodiesel (BD). We otherwise be emitted to the atmosphere and turn it into a valuable fuel,
have integrated renewable base oil into our lubricants product lines. We with negative carbon intensity on a lifecycle basis under the California
co-process biofeedstock in our own facilities, collaborate with others to Low Carbon Fuel Standard. Our primary focus is to develop lower lifecycle
produce and procure RNG, and market the RNG volumes for use in vehicles carbon intensity gas from renewable sources at dairy farms with the scale
operating on CNG. and proximity to natural gas pipelines to enable commercial projects.
We expect to diversify our feedstock mix over time, likely to include
Processing biofeedstock: Sixty percent of our U.S. terminals are now
wastewater and landfill gas. We aim to grow production of RNG to
capable of renewable or biodiesel distribution. With the renewable diesel
40,000 million BTUs per day by 2030.
project in Geismar, Louisiana, expected online in 2024, our renewable fuels
capacity will increase by 30%. Leveraging our existing refining system and Renewable base oil: To date, we have a portfolio of patents, including
other anticipated actions, we are targeting production capacity of roughly some that target fuel economy, EV fluids and equipment life extension,
100 mbd of renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, biodiesel and all using renewable base oil. Chevron’s renewable base oil and renewable
other biofuels by 2030. By building off the capabilities and assets of our lubricant are available in the market today.
new organization, Chevron Renewable Energy Group, we are halfway to
Renewable fuels are important products that can help reduce the lifecycle
achieving our 2030 capacity target.
carbon intensity of transportation fuels today while meeting the world’s
growing energy needs.
Brightmark: Chevron and Brightmark LLC have formed Brightmark RNG Bunge: Chevron and Bunge North America, Inc. have formed Bunge
Holdings LLC, a joint venture to develop projects across the United States Chevron Ag Renewables LLC, a joint venture leveraging Bunge’s expertise
to produce RNG. The joint venture funds the construction of infrastructure in oilseed processing and farmer relationships and Chevron’s expertise in
and the commercial operation of dairy biomethane projects in multiple fuels manufacturing and marketing. The 50-50 joint venture is intended
states, from which we purchase RNG and market the RNG volumes for use to help us meet the demand for lower lifecycle carbon intensity fuels and
in vehicles operating on CNG. develop renewable fuel feedstocks. It also is anticipated to establish a
reliable supply chain from farmer to fueling station and double the current
Getting to Zero Coalition: Chevron has joined more than 160 companies
facility capacities from 7,000 tons per day by the end of 2024.
in the Getting to Zero Coalition, an industry-led platform for collaboration
that brings together stakeholders from across the maritime and fuels value Airports of Tomorrow: Chevron is a member of Airports of Tomorrow
chains with the financial sector and others. The coalition is committed to (AoT), which consolidates the lower carbon aviation work previously done
getting commercially viable deep-sea zero-emission vessels powered by by the World Economic Forum through its Clean Skies for Tomorrow (CST)
zero-emission fuels into operation by 2030 toward full decarbonization by and Target True Zero initiatives. AoT is working to accelerate aviation’s
2050. It is managed by the Global Maritime Forum, who initially founded energy transition, including hydrogen propulsion, scale-up of biofuel and
the coalition together with the World Economic Forum and Friends of SAF, and new innovations in technology. Joining the AoT – and being a
Ocean Action. member in 2022 of its predecessor CST – supports our efforts to advance a
lower carbon future by increasing the availability of fuels in sectors where
CalBio: Chevron has partnered with CalBio and dairy farmers to form
emissions are harder to abate.
CalBioGas LLC, a joint venture to produce and market dairy biomethane
as an RNG transportation fuel in California. These efforts mitigate dairy Beyond6: Chevron has acquired full ownership of Beyond6, LLC (B6)
methane emissions and reduce waste. In 2020, we began producing RNG and its network of 55 CNG stations across the United States. With this
at dairy farms in the California Central Valley. acquisition, we can market the RNG we either produce or procure through
a nationwide network of CNG locations.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
45