3.1.2 Policy trends Removals: The IPCC 1.5° C report points out that many pathways
Policies, like those that support the Paris Agreement, can change to achieving the <2° C goal will require “negative emissions”
the amount of energy consumed, the rate of energy-demand approaches. Negative emissions, or CO₂ removals, are often
growth, the mix of energy sources and the relative economics of classified as natural climate solutions and technology removals,
one fuel versus another. Tracking and anticipating policy trends like carbon capture. Both can be essential tools in mitigating
helps us identify potential changes in energy mix and supply- GHG emissions and meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement
and-demand scenarios and adjust our outlooks accordingly. We (Exhibit 10).14 In its Sixth Assessment Report, the IPCC continues to
discuss our policy framework and impact analysis in Section 5, recognize the importance of “deploying carbon dioxide removal
“Performance and Policy” (see pages 54–64). (CDR) methods to counterbalance residual GHG emissions.”15 CCUS
can play a dual role in climate change mitigation: It can be used for
The Paris Agreement specifies a goal of “holding the increase in the technology to remove carbon from the atmosphere with direct air
global average temperature to well below 2° C above pre-industrial capture (DAC) and reduce emissions from point sources in energy-
levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to intensive industries and power generation.16 According to the IEA
1.5° C above pre-industrial levels.”10 Under the agreement, each Announced Pledges Scenario (APS), CCUS may grow over 100-fold
country may pursue its own strategies for achieving its Nationally by 2050. To unlock the full potential of natural climate solutions
Determined Contributions (NDCs). According to the IEA, the and CCUS, advancement of supportive policy as well as legal and
current NDCs do not appear likely to achieve the goals of the carbon accounting frameworks are needed. For example, if CO₂
agreement,11 although new, updated or reconfirmed NDCs are is shipped internationally or natural climate solutions are used to
intended to be submitted. create an environmental attribute that is sold to a party in another
country, corporate and national GHG inventory accounting could
According to the IPCC, achieving the Paris Agreement’s goals be impacted.17
will require peaking emissions as soon as possible and global
net zero emissions by around 2070 (2065–2080). The IPCC finds
that achieving a 1.5° C scenario with high confidence and without
Exhibit 10. CCUS and natural climate solutions could make a
any temporary overshoot would require net zero by around
long-term contribution toward reducing GHG emissions
2050 (2045–2055). Other IPCC scenarios reach net zero later
this century, but they achieve 1.5° C outcomes through greater (Gigatonnes CO₂e per year)
adoption of CO₂ removal opportunities. Achieving a 1.5° C goal
will require countries to reduce emissions across all sectors of the 12
economy. It will also require increasing removals by sinks, such as
nature-based solutions (e.g., forestry), which absorb more carbon
than they release, and through technology solutions (e.g., CCUS).12
8
The IPCC notes numerous potential pathways to achieving the
goals of the Paris Agreement. All pathways include the continued
use of oil and gas, even in rapid decarbonization scenarios. To
achieve net zero emissions by 2050, direct air carbon dioxide
capture and storage and carbon capture and storage (CCS) must 4
be scaled up and globally deployed. Without this technology, the
IPCC climate models cannot achieve theoretical solutions to reach
net zero in the desired time frame.13
0
2021 2030 2050
3.1.3 Technology trends
Improvements in technology can reduce energy costs, lower CCUS Natural climate solutions
emissions and influence the energy mix by changing the relative
Sources: Griscom, Bronson et al., “Natural Climate Solutions,” Proceeding of the National Academy
competitiveness of different energy types. Four prominent areas of Sciences of the United States of America, October 2017, pnas.org/content/114/44/11645; University
College London, Future Demand, Supply and Prices for Voluntary Carbon Credits—Keeping the
of investment include CO₂ removals, hydrogen, renewable fuels
Balance, June 2021, trove-research.com/report/carbon-credit-demand-supply-and-prices; IEA,
and battery storage. Removals, hydrogen and renewable fuels in World Energy Outlook 2022, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2022, License: CC BY 4.0 (report),
CC BY NC SA 4.0 (Annex A).
particular are important technologies to assist in carbon intensity
reduction of hard-to-abate sectors. A lifecycle approach to carbon
accounting can help assess the relative carbon efficiencies of
different technologies. We discuss assessing performance on
a lifecycle basis in Section 5, “Performance and Policy”
(see pages 51–52).
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
26