chevron supports
policy to advance innovation
and lower carbon solutions
Chevron supports energy policies that incentivize the investment in projects and products that promote new technologies. We believe
carbon pricing should be the primary policy tool to achieve GHG emissions reduction goals. In regions lacking sufficient carbon markets,
government incentives and grants can be useful tools in encouraging a lower carbon future.
If designed properly, incentives, research and innovation, grants,
and public partnerships can be effective policy tools to enable lower carbon
operations and products. Chevron supports:
• A focus on emissions: Public research, development, • Pre-commercial support: To maximize limited public resources
demonstration and deployment should be based on opportunity and minimize harmful market distortions, innovation policy
for scalable emissions reduction, supporting the most promising should focus on advancing emerging technologies so they
pre-commercial opportunities, irrespective of energy source. become commercially scalable without subsidy within a carbon-
pricing program. Incentive-oriented programs should be
• Balanced and transparent government policies: Policy designed with the goal of ultimately enabling technologies and
should be balanced to enable research, development and products to compete without government support.
demonstration of promising technologies while minimizing
market distortions. Policy should be open to participation and • Scalable solutions: Innovation policy should leverage scientific
competition from across sectors and transparent in order to research to advance promising technologies that can offer
build public trust and communicate benefits, costs and trade- scalable economic solutions to climate change. Policy should
offs to the public. aim to drive down costs so these opportunities are commercially
scalable and reduce the need for incentives over time.
incentives research grants and public
and innovation partnerships
We acknowledge and support incentives for We support policies that promote We believe competitive grant programs,
nascent technologies and regions lacking research, development and deployment of public-private partnerships or co-
a viable carbon market. Incentives should technologies to enable scalable solutions, investments in lower carbon technologies
be designed with the intent to create cost drive down costs and improve performance. can be useful tools if designed to be
competitiveness and scalability for lower Investments in pre-commercial technologies competitive, results-oriented, transparent
carbon businesses and reduce the need for can lead to commercially viable businesses and inclusive of appropriate investment
incentives over time. and ultimately reduce the need for incen- terms. Innovation policy grants should focus
tives over time. on advancing emerging and pre-commercial
technologies. Grants for existing commercial
opportunities that distort markets and
create unfair competition should be avoided.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
63