Methodology and data sources Inputs are collected from financial disclosures and public GHG reporting,
with the exception of the biofuels component. Biofuel volumes are
Traditional hydrocarbon products: The intent of the framework is to based on purchase data and production volumes for ethanol, renewable
capture value chain emissions associated with the largest hydrocarbon diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, and biodiesel and production volumes
product volume for a company among its production, manufacturing for renewable natural gas in the United States, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
and marketing activities. For all products that a company produces or Philippines, Thailand and Australia. Volumes from international GS
manufactures, the PCI methodology uses the company’s equity GHG Caltex operations in South Korea are assumed to be zero. For 2016–2022,
emissions and corresponding GHG intensity. To estimate the emissions for aggregate biofuel volumes used in the PCI calculation are 60,000, 61,000,
marketed products that the company does not produce or manufacture, 62,000, 68,000, 61,000, 70,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil-equivalent
the PCI methodology uses industry-average segment factors from per day, by respective year. Biofuel carbon intensity values are based on
the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook. Hydrocarbon CARB LCFS default pathway values. For 2016–2022, the weighted-average
transporta tion emissions are estimated in the PCI using IEA World Energy biofuel carbon intensity values used in the PCI calculation were 52, 52, 51,
Outlook estimates for transportation emissions from oil and gas. Emissions 50, 48, 47 and 38 grams carbon dioxide-equivalent GHG emissions per
associated with end use of marketed products are based on industry- megajoule, respectively.
standard combustion factors and assume all sold energy products are
combusted, although this is not the case (e.g., plastics and lubricants). CCUS: Net GHG removal emissions associated with CCUS represent
Exhibit 44 is a depic tion of the value chain approach for the refined- the emissions that would be permanently sequestered underground or
product value chain. utilized in other products with a deduction for supply chain emissions
associated with capture, transport or storage. CCUS projects that reduce
Biofuels, hydrogen and lower carbon power: GHG emissions are direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions from imported energy
calculated based on lifecycle assessment data and the energy provided (Scope 2) would reduce the production, manufacturing or other sectoral
by Chevron in the most recent year. Lifecycle assessment data sources intensity and would not be double-counted as removals; for example,
include California Air Resources Board (CARB) Low Carbon Fuel Standard CO₂ captured by an integrated CCS plant would already be accounted for
(LCFS) Pathway Certified Carbon Intensities for similar feedstocks and in the facility’s direct emissions (Scope 1) intensity.
pathways, a Hydrogen Council report on a lifecycle assessment for
hydrogen pathways, and harmonized lifecycle assessments of electricity Offsets: Offsets that are retired by the company or on behalf of customers
generation from the (U.S.) National Renewable Energy Laboratory and for use of product provided by the company.
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Working Group 1.
Improvements over time: Methodologies and emissions factors may
The model does not adjust for the energy efficiency gains associated be updated in future years to reflect additional information or data that
with some applications of electricity and hydrogen relative to existing become available. For example, updates may include updated industry
hydrocarbon infrastructure. For example, CARB estimates that energy averages, primary data from third-party producers and refiners, and
provided as electricity to an electric vehicle is 3.4 times more efficient adjustments to energy efficiency assumptions, if warranted, based on the
than energy provided by gasoline to an internal combustion engine. end-use applications for volumes of energy marketed by the company.
Model updates could be made in the future, if supported by the end use
of electricity or hydrogen products. A PCI calculator is available on our website and can be used by
integrated energy providers and specialized value chain participants
to compare energy companies’ carbon intensities. To access the PCI
calculator, visit chevron.co/chart-generator.
Exhibit 44. PCI approach for the refined-product value chain
Activity Production Transportation Refining Transportation End use
% of total 15% < 1% 10% < 1% 75%
Company
data
Industry-
average
data
Illustrative percentages are based on data from Chevron’s PCI calculator; Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI)’s Oil Climate Index plus Gas, “Profiling Supply Chain Emissions,” April 2023,
ociplus.rmi.org/supply-chain; and IEA, World Energy Outlook 2018, iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2018.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
68