hydrogen
We believe the use of lower carbon intensity hydrogen as a fuel source Chevron previously held patents on nearly 70 inventions from early
or feedstock can help reduce the amount of GHG emissions entering commercial ventures that are applicable to our future development plans.
the atmosphere. Currently, Chevron has filed patent applications or holds granted patents
on approximately 20 inventions. We produce approximately 1 million
We are developing a lower carbon hydrogen and ammonia business
tonnes of hydrogen per year for use in our refining operations. Further,
where Chevron can build competitive advantages over time, focused on
we have the potential to supply and sell hydrogen to customers from
heavy-duty transport, power and other hard-to-abate sectors. Supply
our existing refineries by leveraging our distribution capabilities, sales
opportunities are centered in three core regions: U.S. West; Texas and U.S.
channels and brands. We are currently building hydrogen fueling stations
Gulf Coast; and Asia-Pacific.
at select locations.
Chevron has decades of knowledge and experience with hydrogen.
Our capabilities in CCS can position us to build natural gas-based, lower
We are pursuing commercial opportunities to develop technology, build
carbon intensity hydrogen, leveraging our upstream assets in several
infrastructure, connect supply chains and grow the hydrogen market,
regions. We are investing in demonstration projects and innovative
which are all key components to deliver hydrogen at scale.
technology startups that can help lower the cost and carbon intensity
of hydrogen production and delivery.
ACES Delta: Chevron has a majority interest in the Advanced Clean Energy Pertamina New & Renewable Energy and Keppel: Chevron signed a joint
Storage Delta (ACES Delta) electrolytic hydrogen production and storage study agreement with Pertamina and Keppel to explore the development
project in Delta, Utah, with operations planned by mid-2025. The project of select lower carbon hydrogen and ammonia projects using renewable
is expected to initially produce up to 100 tonnes per day of electrolytic energy located primarily in Sumatera, Indonesia.
hydrogen and will utilize salt caverns to store the energy.
Zero Emission Industries (ZEI): Chevron is invested in ZEI, a developer of
Solar-to-hydrogen project: Chevron aims to use existing solar power, land hydrogen fuel cell power systems for the maritime industry.
and produced water from Chevron’s San Joaquin Valley assets to produce
Aurora Hydrogen: Chevron is invested in Aurora Hydrogen, a developer
electrolytic hydrogen.
of hydrogen production technology that uses microwave energy without
U.S. Gulf Coast: Chevron is collaborating with Air Liquide, LyondellBasell generating any CO₂ emissions or consuming water.
and Uniper on a joint study to evaluate and potentially advance the
Syzygy Plasmonics: Chevron is invested in Syzygy, a developer of lower
development of a hydrogen and ammonia production facility. The facility
carbon hydrogen technology.
could support industrial carbon reduction and mobility applications in
the U.S. Gulf Coast region and expand clean ammonia exports, helping to Hydrogenious LOHC Technologies: Chevron is invested in Hydrogenious,
increase the supply of lower carbon power internationally. Chevron is also a developer and provider of liquid organic hydrogen carrier technology.
a founding member of the HyVelocity Hub, comprised of leading energy Hydrogenious’ technology has the potential to unlock the economic value
companies and organizations working to accelerate the development of of hydrogen through lower transportation, storage and distribution costs.
hydrogen hubs in Texas, Southwest Louisiana and the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Caterpillar: Chevron and Caterpillar have a collaboration agreement to
Iwatani: Chevron has an agreement with Iwatani to co-develop and develop hydrogen demonstration projects and stationary power applica-
construct up to 30 hydrogen fueling sites in California by 2026. tions, including prime power. We also are working with Caterpillar-owned
Solar Turbines to adapt a low-emissions turbine engine partially fueled by
Raven SR and Hyzon: Chevron is collaborating with Raven SR and Hyzon
hydrogen. Blending hydrogen with traditional fuels to power the engine
to commercialize operations of a solid waste-to-hydrogen generation
could help reduce its GHG emissions.
and production facility in Richmond, California, intended to supply lower
carbon hydrogen fuel to transportation markets in Northern California.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
48