Find and fix
Since 2016, we have trialed 14 advanced methane detection
methane strategy in action
technologies. “Find and fix” campaigns in Angola, Argentina,
Australia, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, the Denver-Julesburg Basin,
Our goal is simple – keep methane in the pipe. This starts with the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and the Permian Basin have provided
designing and operating facilities to help prevent methane opportunities to test different methane emissions detection and
emissions and includes deploying technologies to validate measurement options (Exhibit 27). Detection results were used
performance, inform repairs and improve inventories.
to validate performance and inform repairs.
A proactive strategy to design and operate facilities can lead
to meaningful reductions in methane emissions intensity.
In 2022, Chevron contracted GHGSat to monitor up to 22 onshore
Detection and measurement can help assess whether operations
assets worldwide. At one asset, an investigation of satellite
are functioning as designed or identify leaks and other areas
for improvement. Trialing emerging technology lets Chevron detection results found dry gas that had been diverted to a high-
explore what is possible and incorporate innovative solutions pressure flare to assist in decreasing or eliminating dark smoke
into our methane management programs over time. We antici- emissions per local regulatory requirements. To resolve this,
pate that our monitoring and detection program will provide
the dry gas was diverted to a low-pressure flare with a high-
additional insights to improve how our facilities are operated
pressure assistance procedure for smoke reduction. In testing
and maintained.
following the conversion, no methane emissions from flaring
were found.
Chevron’s 2022 LDAR program in the Denver-Julesburg Basin
Design and operation
consisted of more than 2,000 optical gas imaging (OGI) camera
To evolve facility designs, process controls and systems are being
inspections and more than 30,000 auditory, visual and olfactory
reengineered to help remove, reduce or prevent methane venting
(AVO) inspections. Each facility was visited multiple times
as part of our normal operations.
throughout the year for the purpose of identifying potential
emissions sources. The majority of detected emissions sources
We have completed several projects at the Ashdod Onshore
were repaired at the time of inspection.
Terminal in the Eastern Mediterranean, such as converting
instrument gas to instrument air, connecting a tank with natural
In late 2022, we led a 20-day drone campaign offshore Angola.
gas blanketing to a vapor recovery system and converting a facility
We also completed a similar 22-day drone campaign for our
vent stack natural gas purge to nitrogen purge.
onshore and offshore assets in Nigeria. Findings from these
surveys inform our project priorities and emissions inventories for
In Nigeria, we have changed how we manage flaring at the Agbami
our Angola and Nigeria operations.
deepwater production facility. Historically, when a compressor
went down for any reason, gas would be routed to the flare system
Shared learning
to support continued oil production. However, through focused
Chevron, as an OGCI member, has supported OGCI’s pilot program
technical applications, equipment reliability and effective flares
from late 2021 to mid-2022 to deploy GHGSat at six sites in Iraq.
management, we have significantly reduced flaring arising from
The program seeks to identify methane plumes and directly
process upsets while optimizing production.
engage with local operators to help address the causes. OGCI is
working to expand the pilot to additional sites in Iraq, as well as
Our assets in Colorado have reduced methane emissions by
Algeria, Egypt and Kazakhstan, as an introduction to methane
implementing an intermittent gas lift project. Gas lift compressor
monitoring services.
total horsepower has been downsized by operating gas lift on wells
intermittently instead of full time.
Chevron signed a memorandum of understanding with the
Egyptian Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources to share
best practices and expertise related to the reduction of methane
emissions. Chevron plans to provide study tours and workshops
to build awareness of technologies, measurement practices and
examples of projects to reduce emissions.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
42