participating in methane policy
chevron believes that methane management is critical to a lower carbon future and that methane reductions
are possible through adoption of industry best practices, advancement in measurement technologies, carbon
pricing and methane regulations
We support carbon pricing as the primary tool to most efficiently and effectively enable GHG emissions reductions, including methane.
However, carbon pricing requires robust measurement, reporting and verification (MRV) programs to accurately quantify emissions, and
continued advances in methane measurement technologies and protocols are needed. In jurisdictions where MRV programs for methane
are not robust and mature, we continue to engage on and support effective methane regulations as the transitional policy approach.
chevron supports: chevron engages:
• MRV programs: Methodologies need detection technology performance We believe learning from and sharing best practices within the oil and
specifications, measurement protocols and verification to ensure gas industry can help improve industrywide methane management.
consistent quantification and reporting of methane emissions across all We engage policymakers and other entities for knowledge sharing on
covered operators and sectors. Currently, there is greater measurement methane emissions. This includes participation in groups that develop and
uncertainty with methane emissions than with CO₂ emissions. A robust share best practices for methane reduction, such as The Environmental
MRV framework will need to balance the use of emission factors, Partnership in the United States and Insitituto Argentino Del Petroleo Y Del
engineering estimates and advanced technologies. Gas in Argentina, as well as direct feedback on specific policy proposals,
such as in Kazakhstan, Nigeria and the United States.
• Technological innovation: Policy should flexibly incorporate advanced
technologies, such as aerial and drone monitoring, that can detect Additional examples of our engagements include:
and measure methane emissions most effectively, particularly from
• Low Carbon Working Group (LCWG): Chevron participates in
super-emitters that have a disproportionate impact on overall
the LCWG, which hosted the Roundtable on Methane Emission
emissions. Policy frameworks should be based on realistic current
Quantification and Reduction in the Oil and Gas Industry in Kazakhstan.
capabilities of measurement technologies and encourage further
The roundtable included members of government, industry and experts,
technology advancement.
who discussed reduction opportunities.
• All sectors contributing: Improving methane performance is important
• National Petroleum Council (NPC): Chevron is leading a task group
for oil and natural gas, which generate approximately 24% of global
on baseline and expected emissions pathways for a study by the NPC,
methane emissions, and the other sectors that generate the remaining
which is a federal advisory committee for the U.S. Department of
76%. Policy should apply to all key sectors.
Energy, on methane and other GHG emissions reduction opportunities
• Performance-based regulation: When jurisdictions pursue methane for the U.S. natural gas supply chain.
regulations, they should set appropriate methane targets based on
• Global Methane Pledge: Chevron supports efforts like the Global
industry best practices, including reasonable minimum equipment
Methane Pledge to reduce global human-made methane emissions by
standards, while providing flexibility for companies to determine the
at least 30% from 2020 levels by 2030. We participated in the Methane
optimal way to meet those targets.
Guiding Principles initiative to develop a policy toolkit for use by the
150 countries that have committed to the effort.
• United States Agency for International Development (USAID): At the
we share our experiences on what
USAID Southeast Asia Smart Power Program workshop on oil and gas
has been effective within our operations methane emissions, we gave a presentation on the current deployment
of methane detection technologies and participated in a capacity-
and are committed to engaging in the
building session on regional needs for methane reduction.
public policy process
• U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA): As part of the Global
Methane Pledge launched at COP26, the U.S. government, through
the USTDA, invited government officials from Algeria, Egypt and
Libya to visit the U.S. to showcase U.S. methane detection technology
and reduction practices. Chevron hosted a field tour in Midland and a
discussion in Houston with the delegates during their visit.
To view our public statements and comment letters, go to
chevron.com/newsroom/media/publications.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
64