notes to pages 66 through 75
1 See Calculation Methodology, Portfolio Carbon Intensity, pages 67–68. 18 For assurance statements, visit chevron.co/GHGassurance-library. Figures
in assurance statements may vary from figures reported in each subsequent
2 See Calculation Methodology, Upstream Carbon Intensity, page 69.
Corporate Sustainability Report due to restatements and assurance scope.
3 See Calculation Methodology, Refining Carbon Intensity, page 70. 2022 assurance excludes Renewable Energy Group, Inc. and Chevron Phillips
Chemical Company, LLC data.
4 Unless otherwise noted, Scope 1 and Scope 2 data collected as of February 9,
2023. Data include estimates. 19 Carbon capture, utilization and storage includes both CO₂ sold to third parties
and CO₂ (and other gas) injected for carbon storage.
5 Scope 1 includes direct emissions. For reporting, Chevron includes indirect sources
of GHG emissions within Scope 1 that are outside of the traditional Scope 1 20 RECs are credits generated from renewable electricity generation within the
definition, such as GHG emissions from processes like drilling and completions, United States that are retired by Chevron. Reported Scope 2 emissions are net
and tolling agreements up to the point of third-party custody transfer of the of contractual instruments such as RECs.
oil or gas product. Direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in the
21 Offsets are credits generated from the avoidance or reduction of GHG emissions
form of electricity or steam exported or sold to a third party are included in
or the removal of GHGs from the atmosphere that are retired by Chevron,
the reported Scope 1 emissions to align with Ipieca’s Sustainability Reporting
excluding RECs. Includes offsets retired in compliance programs. For programs
Guidance for the Oil & Gas Industry (2020). Chevron’s Scope 1 includes emissions
with multiyear compliance periods, offsets are reported in the calendar year they
of six Kyoto GHGs – carbon dioxide (CO₂), methane (CH₄), nitrous oxide (N₂O),
are retired.
sulfur hexafluoride, perfluorocarbons and hydrofluorocarbons, as well as nitrogen
trifluoride (NF₃). 22 Total Energy Consumption includes energy generated from Chevron’s operations
and imported energy. Exported energy is not subtracted from the total.
6 Calculation methods for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are based on the
American Petroleum Institute’s Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions 23 Manufacturing Energy Index (MEI) (Refining) is an analysis of Chevron’s refining
Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021) or, where relevant, energy performance based on the Solomon Energy Intensity Index methodology.
local regulatory reporting methodologies. Chevron’s MEI includes the refining assets at Chevron’s operated and nonoperated
joint venture refineries. Energy consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc.
7 When a nonoperated joint venture (NOJV) provides consolidated emissions
is not included in this metric.
data, Chevron seeks to allocate its equity share of those emissions to the
most representative scope and GHG based on best available knowledge of 24 2022 Upstream Energy Intensity reflects continued updates to Chevron’s
the NOJV’s operations. calculation methodology.
8 Consistent with our financial accounting, Venezuela NOJV emissions are not 25 Pipeline Energy Intensity covers assets operated by Chevron Pipe Line Company.
included for 2022 emissions reporting.
26 Chevron’s Non-Manufacturing Energy Index includes operations from Chevron’s
9 We provide methane emissions data and intensity performance as a mass chemicals and additives, products and services, and lubricants businesses. It
of methane as well as a mass of CO₂e. To convert from methane to CO₂e, we reflects the energy required to produce Chevron’s products compared with the
use the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fourth Assessment energy that would have been required to produce the same products in 1992 (the
Report (AR4) 100-year global warming potential (GWP), except for some index’s base year). Energy consumption from Renewable Energy Group, Inc. is not
business units for which we utilize GWP values from IPCC’s Fifth Assessment included in this metric.
Report and IPCC’s Sixth Assessment Report in accordance with local reporting
27 Renewable Energy Group, Inc. data are not included in water management or
requirements. Although we strive to provide consistent data from our operated
wastewater metrics.
and nonoperated assets, some nonoperated assets may provide their data only
on a CO₂e basis. Given the common industry practice of using the AR4 100-year 28 Fresh water withdrawn from the environment is defined per local legal definitions.
GWP, we have assumed that nonoperated assets that did not provide methane If no local definition exists, fresh water is defined as water extracted, directly
mass data use a 100-year GWP of 25. We continue to work with our joint venture or indirectly, from surface water, groundwater or rainwater that has a total
partners to provide information on a standardized basis to increase transparency. dissolved solids concentration of less than or equal to 2,000 mg/L. Fresh
water withdrawn does not include effluent or recycled/reclaimed water from
10 Where flaring emissions are calculated based on mass or reported in aggregate,
municipal or other industrial wastewater treatment systems, as this water is
volumes are not included.
reported under nonfresh water withdrawn. Nonfresh water withdrawn could
11 Downstream includes emissions from refineries, terminals, marketing and include: seawater; brackish groundwater or surface water; reclaimed wastewater
distribution, including renewable fuels. Chemical and base oil facilities located from another municipal or industrial facility; desalinated water; or remediated
within refineries are included in refinery emissions. groundwater used for industrial purposes. Produced water is excluded from
fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed and nonfresh water withdrawn.
12 Chemicals includes emissions from stand-alone chemical, additive and lubricant
Water quantities may be determined using direct measurement techniques or
facilities.
engineering estimation methods.
13 Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem.com) data received
29 Chevron reports fresh water withdrawn and consumed in water-stressed
April 4, 2023.
regions according to the World Resources Institute’s definition and
14 Other emissions include GHG emissions from Corporate Aviation, Chevron categorization of “baseline water stress.” WRI Aqueduct map version 3.0 was
Environmental Management Company, energy management and power from used to identify water-stressed areas. Baseline water stress measures the
Chevron Pipeline and Power, and the North American Data Center. ratio of total water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater
supplies. Water withdrawals include domestic, industrial, irrigation and
15 Exported emissions are direct GHG emissions related to production of energy in
livestock consumptive and nonconsumptive uses. Available renewable water
the form of electricity or steam that are exported or sold to a third party. Direct
supplies include the impact of upstream consumptive water users and
GHG emissions related to production of energy in the form of electricity or steam
large dams on downstream water availability. Higher values indicate more
exported or sold to a third party are included in the reported Scope 1 emissions
competition among users.
for each segment.
16 Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from imported electricity and steam.
Chevron’s fresh water withdrawn and consumed in high and extremely high water
stress areas excludes Chevron’s Fuels and Lubricants businesses and Chevron
CO₂, CH₄ and N₂O are accounted for in Chevron’s Scope 2 emissions. Scope 2
Environmental Management Company. Freshwater withdrawals for the Fuels and
emissions are accounted for using the market-based approach as described in the
Lubricants businesses and Chevron Environmental Management Company are
World Resources Institute’s GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015), including
minimal (1% of the total) compared with the overall use in the corporation. For
calculating Scope 2 emissions net of contractual instruments such as renewable
purposes of this reporting, Chevron categorizes all of the water withdrawn and
energy credits (RECs).
consumed by Chevron’s Mid-Continent business unit as being in a high-stress or
17 Chevron calculates emissions from third-party use of sold products in alignment extremely high-stress region.
with methods in Category 11 of Ipieca’s Estimating Petroleum Industry Value Chain
(Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions (2016). Emissions are based on aggregate 30 Freshwater use in water-stressed areas increased in 2022 due to completion
activity increases.
production, throughput and sales numbers that include renewable fuels.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
76