section 7: about this report
This report covers our owned and operated businesses and does Chevron has also provided links in this report to third-party
not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, websites for ease of reference. Chevron’s use of the third-party
contractors and partners unless otherwise noted. In the case information in this report and the inclusion of links to third-party
of certain joint ventures for which Chevron is the operator, content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information.
we exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, This report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as
processes, management and strategy for those joint ventures are information about how the disclosures in this report align with the
known to differ from those detailed in this report. At the time of recommendations of the TCFD, as it has described the categories.
writing, Chevron has completed acquisitions of Beyond6, LLC, In doing so, Chevron does not intend to endorse or adopt and is
Chacraservicios S.r.l. (with Bunge) and PDC Energy, Inc. This not endorsing or adopting these phrases or recommendations.
report does not speak to these companies’ historic governance, In using these terms and referencing the recommendations,
risk management, strategy approaches or emissions performance Chevron is not obligating itself to use the terms in the way defined
unless specifically referenced. All financial information is presented by the TCFD, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific
in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. recommendations or to provide any specific disclosure. Chevron
makes no representation or warranty as to the TCFD’s use or
This report contains forward-looking statements relating to definition of specific terms or recommendations. For example,
the manner in which Chevron intends to conduct certain of its with respect to the use of the term material, individual companies
activities, based on management’s current plans and expectations. are best suited to determine what information is material, under
These statements are not promises or guarantees of future the long-standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term,
conduct or policy and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and whether to disclose this information in U.S. Securities and
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and are Exchange financial filings.
difficult to predict, including government regulation and oil and
gas prices. See the Forward-Looking Statements Warning on Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes,
page 84 of this report. universities and other organizations, in various initiatives,
campaigns, projects and other collaborations that express various
Therefore, the actual conduct of our activities, including the ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change,
development, implementation or continuation of any program, emissions and energy transition. Chevron’s participation or
policy or initiative discussed or forecasted in this report, may membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee
differ materially in the future. As with any projections or estimates, that Chevron’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies
actual results or numbers may vary. The protocols, methodologies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the
and standards (“methodologies”) for tracking and reporting on individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject
emissions, emissions reductions, offsets and related issues are to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may
relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. be beyond Chevron’s control, including government regulation,
Chevron methodologies continue to evolve and may change from availability of technologies, and market forces and other risks
time to time, which may result in a lack of comparative data for and uncertainties detailed throughout this report. Such third
different periods. Our methodologies may not always align with parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and
evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and goals frequently diverge from Chevron’s own ambitions, goals
reporting metrics; our interpretation of reporting standards may and commitments. Chevron will continue to make independent
differ from those of others; and such standards may change over decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its
time; any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals, climate-related ambitions, goals, commitments and investments.
targets and aspirations or reported progress, or lack thereof, in Chevron’s goals, targets and aspirations reflect Chevron’s current
achieving them. The statements of intention in this report speak plans, and Chevron may unilaterally change them for various
only as of the date of this report. Chevron undertakes no obligation reasons, including market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and
to publicly update any statements in this report. financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other
factors. Chevron’s individual ambitions and goals, and its progress
This report contains information from third parties, such as the IEA. toward reaching those ambitions and goals, are stated in its own
Chevron makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party corporate reports, including this report, Chevron’s Corporate
information. Where necessary, Chevron received permission to cite Sustainability Report and Chevron’s Methane Report, which contain
third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the necessary context and disclaimers regarding Chevron’s aspirations
control and direction of the third parties. Where Chevron has used and goals and how Chevron measures its progress toward
information, such as displaying data from third parties in graphical reaching them.
form, it has noted the source.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
83