Hydrogen
Hydrogen (350 bar)
Hydrogen (liquid)
Batteries
Lithium-ion battery pack (2018)
Lithium metal battery pack
Natural gas
Liquid fuels
Compressed natural Sustainable aviation fuel
gas (250 bar)
Gasoline
Biodiesel
Ethanol
Methanol
Liquid organic hydrogen carriers Space saving
gnivas
thgieW
140
120
Hydrogen (700 bar)
100 Potential with
storage tank
improvement
80
Lithium-ion battery pack (2025+)
60
Liquefied natural gas
Renewable diesel
Diesel
40 Jet fuel
Compressed natural
20 gas (250 bar, with tank)
Hydrogen (700 bar, with tank)
0
gk/seluojagem
,ytisned
cirtemivarG
Exhibit 12. Energy density of different fuel sources can drive the attractiveness of fuel types
0 10 20 30 40
Volumetric density, megajoules/liter
Sources: Argonne National Laboratory, GREET Model Fuel Specifications, 2022, greet.anl.gov; Advanced Automotive Battery Conference (AABC) for Li-ion Battery Performance,
2018, with Chevron internal compilations.
Energy density of different fuels: The energy density and Fundamental differences in energy densities are a major obstacle
portability of a fuel are among the most important characteristics to using alternative fuels for some modes of transport, such as
when considering viability for use in transportation (Exhibit 12). long-distance shipping and air travel. To date, few alternative fuels
Two important aspects are as follows: or energy storage systems can surpass the energy densities of
liquid fuels.
• Gravimetric density, the energy contained in a unit mass of fuel,
determines how far a vehicle can travel with a given amount of Gaseous fuels, like CNG and hydrogen, currently require large and
fuel. Higher gravimetric density means less weight is required to heavy tanks for onboard vehicle storage. Further research and
be carried as fuel, meaning more weight capacity is available for development are needed to reduce the weight and size of such
carrying people and freight. storage tanks. Li-ion battery systems have achieved considerable
progress in light-duty vehicle applications in the past decade,
• Volumetric density, the energy stored in a unit volume of fuel, but some trade-offs in range, which is dictated by energy density,
determines how much space the fuel takes up. Higher volumetric still exist.22
energy density means less vehicle space is required to store
the fuel, and thus more space is available for carrying people
and freight.
Chevron Corporation 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report
28