AUTO MANUFACTURING AVIATION SHIPPING
As of December 31, 2023, the carbon intensity of our Auto As of December 31, 2023, the carbon intensity of our Aviation We have revised our 2021 baseline for our Shipping portfolio to
Manufacturing portfolio has decreased by 23.3%, compared to the portfolio has decreased by 16.9%, compared to the 2021 baseline. 11.4 gCO / t-nm to account for data quality improvements. As of
2
2019 baseline. This decrease is driven mainly by banking new and Client carbon intensity improvements and changes in our exposure December 31, 2023, the carbon intensity of our Shipping portfolio
emerging pure-play EV manufacturers and the growing portfolio of to the sector — including increased financing to new and existing has increased by 4.9%, compared to the revised 2021 baseline. This
EV offerings by legacy auto manufacturers that produce traditional clients as well as decreased exposure to certain high-carbon increase is mainly due to changes in our exposure to the sector
internal combustion engines (“ICE”), hybrid and alternative intensity clients — contributed to our progress. When compared toward clients with higher carbon intensity. The Shipping sector
drivetrain vehicles. The sector’s overall effort to transition to an to the global decarbonization trend of the sector16, our portfolio globally experienced a modest improvement in aggregate carbon
all-EV future, as well as the policy, legislative and market behavior reflects a relatively similar rate of carbon intensity reduction. We intensity between 2021 and 202217, however, our portfolio has not
changes that are catalyzing the shift, are prerequisites in allowing will continue to engage with our clients to seek to provide them with benefited from this trend given the small and highly concentrated
us to continue to make progress toward our target. Additionally, financing opportunities to support the transition of the sector. We nature of our financing to the sector, which may also impact our
improvements in fuel efficiency and the introduction of more hybrid anticipate that drivers for achieving significant decarbonization of ability to meet our sector target. After announcing our sector target
engine product offerings continue to reduce the carbon intensity the sector will include changes in consumer behavior and operational in 2023, we began implementation of our CAF across the portfolio,
of ICE vehicles being sold. Our portfolio’s rate of decarbonization efficiencies such as maximizing flight occupancy. Another driver is starting with the largest portions of exposure and gradually
outpaces the progress being made by the sector at a global-level15. scaling the availability of SAF by accelerating the buildout of the extending it to additional segments. During this initial phase,
However, challenges in the pace of EV adoption suggests a need for SAF value chain and airlines successfully securing SAF offtakes. We fluctuations in the portfolio’s carbon intensity are expected as we
more efforts globally by the public and private sectors to deploy are helping advance the development of SAF as founding members implement our CAF across in-scope transactions. We anticipate that
and scale solutions across the value chain – especially in areas such of the Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance and as investors in the we will continue to refine our CAF methodology as we continue
as battery manufacturing and EV charging – to support the sector’s United Airlines Venture Sustainable Flight Fund. To learn more about to engage with our clients and learn more about the sector’s
decarbonization. We will continue to engage with our clients and these efforts, refer to page 7 of our 2023 Climate Report. decarbonization strategies and constraints. We will continue to
seek to provide them with financing opportunities to support the engage with our clients on areas such as operational efficiency and
transition of the sector. alternative fuels to support them on their decarbonization journeys.
We also recognize that decarbonization efforts within the shipping
industry are largely driven by international regulatory bodies, which
set the trends and targets for our shipping portfolio clients.
15 Global progress estimated using sector activity and emissions data for 2019 sourced from Net Zero Roadmap: A Global Pathway to Keep the 1.5 °C Goal in Reach (Table A.5: Economic and Activity Indicators) published in September 2023 and World Energy Outlook 2021 (Table A.4d: World CO
2
emissions) published in October 2021, respectively; sector activity and emissions data for 2022 sourced from World Energy Outlook 2023 (Table A.5c: World economic and activity indicators and Table A.4c: World CO emissions, respectively) published in October 2023.
2
16 Global progress estimated using sector activity and emissions data for 2021 and 2022 sourced from World Energy Outlook 2023 (Table A.5c: World economic and activity indicators and Table A.4c: World CO emissions, respectively) published in October 2023.
2
17 Global progress estimated using sector activity and emissions data for 2021 and 2022 sourced from World Energy Outlook 2023 (Table A.5c: World economic and activity indicators and Table A.4c: World CO emissions, respectively) published in October 2023. 19
2