Balancing Environmental, Social and Economic Needs
2
Achieving long-term inclusive and sustainable growth globally requires balancing Addressing Our Financed and Facilitated Since setting our first portfolio-level decarbonization targets in 2021, we have
environmental needs, societal advancement and economic stability. While the world continued assessing additional carbon-intensive sectors of our portfolio for potential
Emissions Through Our Net Zero-Aligned
needs to work toward environmental goals such as achieving net zero GHG emissions target setting, as well as enhanced our existing targets to reflect the changing world
Targets
by 2050, it needs to do so in a way that supports the world’s growing energy around us. At this time, we are not setting targets for additional sectors of our
demand and fosters equitable energy access, reliability, security and affordability. portfolio due to factors including data limitations, lack of available decarbonization
We are focused on doing our part to support the transition by helping our clients
For us, recognizing the balance needed to achieve long-term sustainability informs pathways and commercial considerations. Instead, we believe we can more effectively
achieve their net zero objectives. Leveraging our expertise and balance sheet, we aim
our approach to environmental initiatives. Our initiatives are rooted in how we do contribute by continuing to engage with our clients, offering tailored, sector-specific
to provide strategic advice and financing solutions to help our clients achieve their
business: this means serving our customers, clients and communities while running a advice that reflects their unique needs and decarbonization goals. As market
decarbonization goals.
healthy and vibrant company. dynamics, climate science and technology, and public policy evolve, we may
We continue our efforts to align key sectors of our financing portfolio6 with net zero
revise our approach.
Examples of this work include using our capital and expertise to support clients in
emissions outcomes. To date, we have set nine net zero-aligned targets for eight
advancing their low-carbon transition goals, and in turn, advancing progress toward We remain focused on supporting our clients’ decarbonization objectives and driving
sectors — Oil & Gas, Electric Power, Auto Manufacturing, Aviation, Shipping, Iron &
our own net zero-aligned targets (refer to pages 8–11 and 17–20); deploying our progress toward our nine net zero-aligned targets. We plan to continue to evaluate
Steel, Cement and Aluminum — aligned with the International Energy Agency’s Net
philanthropic capital to support initiatives that help vulnerable communities globally our targets and make our own decisions on our approach to them. We may make
Zero by 2050 scenario.
advance their resilience to climate change (refer to page 52 in our 2023 ESG Report); any adjustments to our targets that we deem necessary in light of considerations
As a bank, we rely on global advancements in decarbonization technologies and
and evaluating and managing potential risks — such as nature and social risks — including the latest climate science and technology, macroeconomic trends,
strategies across various sectors to create opportunities to support our clients’
within our business (refer to page 31). commercial impacts and our clients’ business needs. On the following page, we
transition efforts. Without significant progress by both our clients and the wider
summarize key elements of our approach and our strategy for progressing toward
economy, our ability to support the transition, and in turn progress toward our
our targets, while in pages 17–20 we provide baselines and performance to date
targets, is constrained. Specifically, our progress toward our targets is reliant on the
toward our net zero-aligned targets. We also include disclosure of our financed and
diversification of energy supply and increased adoption of cleaner sources of energy
facilitated absolute emissions for selected sectors of our portfolio, refer to page 21.
by demand-side sectors.
For more information on our approach to setting our net zero-aligned targets and
Furthermore, the necessary shift in global energy supply and demand requires a
calculating our absolute financed and facilitated emissions, refer to our Carbon
multi-faceted approach that includes not only capital deployment but also policy
Compass® methodology.
incentives, broader societal behavior changes, and rapid advancement of low- and
We are also disclosing our own Energy Supply Financing Ratio, for additional detail
zero-carbon technologies to support energy security and affordability. As policy
see our ESFR methodology and page 22.
incentives and societal demand for climate and industrial solutions grow, more
capital will begin to flow into these solutions.
6 Our financing portfolio is defined to include all lending, tax-oriented investments and capital markets activity with in-scope clients. 8