Risk Management
Our Climate Risk Framework
Climate risk refers to the potential threats posed by climate change to the Firm and/or our clients, customers, operations and business strategy. Climate change is viewed as a catalyst that can influence risks (credit and investment, market, operational and strategic)
managed by the Firm. Climate risk is categorized into physical risk and transition risk.
Physical risk involves economic costs and financial losses due to a changing climate. Acute physical risk includes increased Transition risk involves the financial and economic consequences of society’s shift toward a lower-carbon economy. Transition
frequency or severity of climate and weather events, such as floods, wildfires and tropical cyclones. Chronic physical risk includes risk includes possible changes in public policy, adoption of new technologies and shifts in consumer preferences. Transition risks
more gradual shifts in the climate, such as sea level rise, persistent changes in precipitation levels and increase in average may also be influenced by changes in the physical climate.
ambient temperatures. Indirect physical risk includes the second-order effects of these acute and chronic risks, such as supply
chain disruptions or changes to property valuations.
Our climate risk framework outlines the capabilities we employ to identify, assess, manage and quantify the potential impacts of physical and transition risk, which we view as drivers of each of our four risk types. On the following pages, we have sections discussing the
following components of our climate risk framework: Risk Governance, Scenario Analysis, Risk Identification and Risk Measurement. Data Management and Reporting and Disclosures capabilities are described throughout various sections of this chapter.
JPMorgan Chase continues to invest in talent, as well as data and technology resources to support the management of climate, nature and social risks.
The Firm’s Climate Risk Framework
RISK GOVERNANCE SCENARIO ANALYSIS RISK IDENTIFICATION RISK MEASUREMENT DATA MANAGEMENT REPORTING & DISCLOSURES
25