DISCLAIMERS
The information provided in this report reflects JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s approach to environmental-, climate- and governance-related matters as at the date of this report and is subject to change without notice. We do not undertake to update any of such information in
this report. Any references to “sustainable investing”, “sustainable investments”, “ESG” or similar terms in this report are intended as references to the internally defined criteria of JPMorgan Chase or our businesses only, as applicable, and not to any jurisdiction-specific
regulatory definition.
Our approach to inclusion of disclosures in this report is informed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) recommendations and is different from disclosures included in mandatory regulatory reporting, including under Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”) regulations. While this report describes events, including potential future events, that may be significant, any significance does not necessarily equate to the level of materiality of disclosures required under law, including U.S. federal securities law.
This report is not intended to, nor can it be relied on, to create legal relations, rights or obligations.
This report is intended to highlight some of the work of JPMorgan Chase in environmental — including climate — and governance-related areas; it is not comprehensive or necessarily representative of all of our activities in those areas. As outlined in our public reporting,
JPMorgan Chase continues to work with and has exposure to clients and organizations across industries, including Oil & Gas, Utilities, Metals & Mining, Transportation and Chemicals & Plastics.
This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to, among other things, our goals, targets, aspirations, approaches and objectives, and are based on the current beliefs
and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond JPMorgan Chase’s control. Expected results or actions may differ from, and JPMorgan Chase makes no guarantee that it will meet or
follow, the anticipated goals, targets and approaches set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan Chase’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements include the necessity of technological
advancements; data quality and availability; the evolution of consumer behavior and demand; the business decisions of our clients, who are responsive to their own stakeholders; the need for thoughtful public policies; the potential impact of legal and regulatory
obligations; market conditions; and the challenge of balancing short-term targets with the need to facilitate an orderly transition and energy security and affordability. Additional factors can be found in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Those reports are available on JPMorgan Chase’s website (https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/ir/sec-other-filings/overview) and on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website (https://www.sec.gov/).
JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
This report does not include all applicable terms or issues and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction or a recommendation for any investment product or strategy. Any and
all transactions (including potential transactions) presented herein are for illustration purposes only. This material does not and should not be deemed to constitute an advertisement or marketing of the Firm’s products and/or services or an advertisement to the public.
No reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this report shall be deemed to form part of this report. Information contained in this report that has been obtained from third-party sources, including those publicly available, is believed to be reliable,
but no representation or warranty is made by JPMorgan Chase as to the quality, completeness, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of such information. Sources of third-party information referred to herein retain all rights with respect to such
data and use of such data by JPMorgan Chase herein shall not be deemed to grant a license to any third party. The use of any third-party trademarks or brand names is for informational purposes only and does not imply an endorsement by JPMorgan Chase or that such
trademark owner has authorized JPMorgan Chase to promote its products or services.