The following outlines some of the initiatives we are currently pursuing in line with our strategy for energy and carbon footprint management. To learn more about other strategies to enhance the environmental sustainability of our operations and supply chain, refer to
pages 33–40 of our 2023 ESG Report.
IMPROVING EFFICIENCY AND ACCELERATING ELECTRIFICATION SOURCING RENEWABLES PURCHASING HIGH-QUALITY CARBON CREDITS9
Enhancing energy efficiency and pursuing opportunities for electrification are In addition to minimizing total energy consumption, we are working to reduce To complement our ongoing emission reduction efforts, we also seek to address our
important elements of our strategy. To this end, in 2023, we: operational GHG emissions by generating and sourcing renewable electricity for remaining unabated emissions by purchasing and retiring high-quality carbon credits
100% of our global electric power needs annually. This includes aiming to increase throughout the year. To learn more about core principles that we reference when
• continued to streamline and consolidate our data centers, migrating toward more
our use of on-site solar energy systems, as well as negotiating long-term electricity evaluating carbon credits, please refer to our Carbon Principles Paper.
efficient facilities, and to expand deployment of advanced hardware and software
contracts and purchasing energy attribute certificates (“EACs”).
to support ongoing improvements in energy and operational efficiency. • In 2023, our portfolio included credits from nature-based, hybrid and engineered
• On-site solar: we completed construction of two additional solar installations removal projects, including improved forest management (“IFM”), afforestation,
• improved the energy efficiency of technology used by our employees by
totaling over 12.3 MW capacity in our corporate office buildings, bringing us blue carbon, biochar and bio-oil sequestration. By supporting different kinds of
implementing a program to reduce standard brightness settings for newly
closer to a planned total of more than 90 MW of capacity by the end of 2025. carbon removal projects, we aim to help develop the broader market and scale
deployed monitors, resulting in decreased energy use and associated emissions.
emerging solutions. Over time, we will consider increasing procurement of long-
• Long-term energy contracts: for our electricity needs that cannot be met with
• reduced energy use and GHG emissions associated with the amenities provided in term or permanent carbon dioxide removals (“CDR”) with the goal of helping to
on-site renewables, we aim to procure additional renewable electricity via long-
our offices, by rolling out more sustainable drinking water taps across our sites in accelerate and scale the development of related technologies.
term power purchase agreements (“PPAs”), virtual power purchase agreements
Europe, the Middle East and Africa that provide up to 60% energy savings when in
and renewable supply contracts. • Also in 2023, the Firm signed long-term agreements to purchase over $200
standby mode.
million in high-quality, durable CDR. The CDR from these agreements is intended
• EAC Procurement: to continue to meet our target to source renewable electricity
to remove and store approximately 800,000 mtCOe from the atmosphere and
for 100% of our global electric power needs, we purchase applicable EACs, e.g., 2
to enable us to match every ton of our unabated Scope 1 direct operational GHG
Renewable Energy Certificates (“RECs”) and International-RECs. We believe
emissions with durable carbon removal by 2030.
these instruments are an important lever in the commercialization of renewable
electricity, helping to foster market growth and sustainability of the electric
power generation sector.
9 Carbon credits and the market for them are evolving rapidly. Although we endeavor to source high-quality carbon credits verified by independent third parties, the ability to use carbon credits to fully and permanently address unabated emissions relies on certain assumptions and is
subject to debate among experts. 13