UPDATES TO OUR CAF METHODOLOGY
Since launching CAF in 2021, we have broadened its scope to encompass new sectors. We have also refined our
Supporting Methane Emissions Reduction
CAF methodology with the aim of implementing it across all in-scope transactions and generating a sector-specific
assessment of a company’s decarbonization plans. We aim to continue enhancing and maturing the CAF methodology over As discussed in our 2023 white paper ‘The Methane Emissions Opportunity’, reducing methane emissions and flaring in the
time, including in line with additions and/or changes to our net zero-aligned targets. In 2023, we introduced key updates to Oil & Gas sector can produce positive outcomes for businesses, the climate and energy security and affordability. By curbing
our CAF methodologies, including: methane emissions and flaring today, the Oil & Gas industry can make near-term contributions toward achieving global
climate targets and, in certain cases, their own corporate-level emissions reduction targets.
• Launching and implementing CAF for in scope-transactions for sector targets set in 2023 — Shipping and Aluminum, and
An area of focus with our clients in the Oil & Gas sector is supporting their efforts to adopt direct methane emissions
• Updating our CAF methodologies for assessing clients in relevant sectors to reflect changes to our Energy Mix, Oil & Gas
measurement technologies and robust accounting protocols. Historically, methane emissions have been difficult to address
Operational, Electric Power and Auto Manufacturing sector targets.
in part due to a lack of reliable, real-world data. Most Oil & Gas companies use factor-based computer modeling to generate
INTEGRATING CAF ACROSS OUR BUSINESS PROCESSES estimates of their methane emissions, which may substantially underestimate real-world methane emissions. Therefore,
harnessing technology for methane measurement is an important step toward improving the accuracy and transparency of
We continue to dedicate resources toward enabling a technology-based integration of our CAF throughout our relevant
methane emissions data, which, in turn, can help to mobilize targeted methane emissions reduction efforts globally.
business processes. For example, we have integrated our CAF into our deal origination process — completing a carbon
assessment using CAF is now a requirement that is automatically triggered for new in-scope transactions. This integration For the purposes of our own portfolio-level Oil & Gas Operational carbon intensity target, we are engaging with and
makes CAF a standard component of the information submitted to decision-making committees. It also provides our assessing data providers that are focused on tackling methane emissions, particularly with those who are integrating a
banking teams with tools to guide them in completing CAF at a transaction-level and to understand the impact of the variety of measurement-based emissions into their data products. By supporting the industry in improving the availability
proposed transaction to the relevant portfolio’s carbon intensity. Furthermore, it enables senior leaders across sector and and accuracy of methane emissions data, we hope to gain a more realistic picture of a client’s carbon intensity, improve the
product teams globally to have better visibility, through a dashboard, of various portfolio-level analytics. quality of CAF scores for Oil & Gas clients and have better insights into the makeup of our financed emissions, while also
informing our engagement efforts with clients.
As part of our efforts to streamline our business process for calculating CAF scores, we are developing a proprietary ESG
data management product. This product is currently used by multiple teams across the Firm and is designed to curate and We also work to support our clients in identifying and implementing strategies that can have the greatest impact in their
host a wide range of internal and external ESG data sources. We are allocating resources toward further development and emissions reduction efforts. We use our learnings to engage with our clients and provide advice and strategic capital to
maturation of the product. This reference data can be used for calculating CAF scores and conducting climate risk scenario help support their decarbonization. For example, we support our Oil & Gas clients in participating in initiatives that aim
analysis and stress testing, among other things. to enhance measurement-based methane emissions reporting frameworks for the sector, when appropriate. We are also
equipping our bankers with tools to guide their conversations with our clients on their methane reduction efforts. Refer to
page 15 for more information on the climate-related resources and capacity building we are providing to our workforce.
11