Stakeholder Engagement
Our stakeholders include customers and clients, shareholders, employees, communities, regulators and policymakers, research analysts and suppliers. We engage with stakeholders throughout the year to obtain insight into their needs and perspectives, as well as to
gather feedback on our strategy and performance, including as they relate to climate change.
EDUCATING OUR WORKFORCE ON CLIMATE REALIZING ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS THROUGH ENGAGEMENT WITH OUR SUPPLIERS
We are enhancing our ability to support our clients in navigating their low-carbon transition journeys, achieving their We recognize that the environmental impact of our operations extends to our suppliers’ practices. As such, we aim to engage
climate goals and executing on value creation strategies. One way we do this is providing our banking teams across LOBs with suppliers who are working to improve their environmental sustainability. For example, in 2023, the Firm collaborated with
with climate-related resources covering a wide range of topics, such as methane abatement and measuring technologies; World Wide Technology — a global technology solutions provider — to help optimize the use of transit cases to transport hardware
climate-related regulatory updates; key technologies, financing options and investment opportunities of the energy to our data centers. By replacing pallets with transit cases and minimizing equipment packaging and other components, such as
transition; and sector-specific decarbonization pathways. Our Global ESG Research team also hosts an intranet site power cords and user manuals, we have reduced truck shipments and generated waste, resulting in an estimated 4,333 mtCO10
2
providing ESG & Sustainability Education research, training and resources that employees can access. avoided during 2023.
Additionally, we offer a Climate Risk training course to our employees. This course includes training modules on a variety Our Supplier Environmental Sustainability Guidelines — established in 2023 — further highlight our efforts to engage with
of topics, such as climate science, managing and quantifying climate risk at JPMorgan Chase and climate risk stress testing. our suppliers on environmental issues. They are intended to establish a framework to further incorporate environmental
We also offer a variety of training opportunities to our employees across ESG topics, such as on biodiversity loss, green and considerations into our procurement process, as appropriate, and to encourage our suppliers to integrate positive environmental
social bonds, and inclusive leadership. practices within their own organizations.
STRENGTHENING OUR SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES THROUGH EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT ELECTRIC TRUCK INNOVATION IN KANSAS
We encourage our employees to think about how they can live more sustainably and how they can reduce their In August 2024, our Chairman and CEO, Jamie Dimon, toured the recently opened Kansas City, Kansas headquarters and
environmental impact both at work and at home. Through our Global Sustainability Series events, employees are invited factory of Orange EV — a company that builds electric terminal trucks for use in warehouses, ports and rail yards. The company
to participate in discussions featuring external sustainability experts and the Firm’s sustainability leaders to learn about manufactures all of its trucks in the U.S., employing workers in Kansas City and around the country. Orange EV’s electrification of
opportunities to take effective action. In addition, our GoGreen program, a global network of nearly 60 employee-led trucks in the transportation sector is an example of the innovation taking place in the Heartland region of the U.S. Deployment
volunteer teams, works to foster a community of informed, engaged and inspired employees who contribute to our of EV trucks in supply chains and at transportation hubs can reduce GHG emissions and result in cleaner air and public health
sustainability culture. The mission of the GoGreen teams is to increase employee awareness of sustainability initiatives benefits for communities, while saving customers money over time through reduced fuel and maintenance costs.
at the Firm — including our operational sustainability targets and what we are doing to meet them — as well as offer
employees opportunities to learn about and engage in sustainable activities at work, at home and in their communities. To
learn more, refer to page 39 of our 2023 ESG Report.
10 Scope 3 GHG emissions, other than Category 6 - business travel, fall outside of the scope of our reported operational GHG emissions (see page 23 for more information on our operational GHG emissions). 15