Notes
A NOTE ON OUR BUSINESS
JPMorgan Chase & Co. provides financial services for individuals and industries across geographies — regardless of political, social or religious viewpoints. We deal in facts and don’t describe our policies,
A NOTE ON OUR TARGETS
procedures or progress differently based on who’s asking. Our ambition is to work with shareholders, clients, customers and communities around the world to fulfill banking’s essential purpose of helping
people, businesses of all sizes and vital institutions — like schools, hospitals and governments — achieve their goals. We set targets to do our part in seeking a
sustainable and inclusive future using our
We make independent business decisions for the Firm. We don’t “boycott.” We manage risk. own independent assessment of what we
determine is reasonable, achievable and will
We make business decisions to advance the long-term We support clients around the globe and in every state Managing risk is critical to the long-term success of our business
serve the best interest of our business and our
interests of the Firm and its shareholders, including serving in the U.S., across industries, religions and political and required by our regulators. We make risk-based assessments,
clients. We note that our targets are subject to
our clients, supporting our employees and helping our affiliations. We proudly serve more than 82 million including legal, credit, market, reputational and regulatory, to
other prerequisites and critical considerations,
communities. We work with a broad array of organizations consumer customers in the U.S., 6.4 million small drive decisions and advance the interests of our constituencies.
both within and outside our control, that may
that advance those interests, even if we don’t support businesses and hundreds of thousands of companies in
affect our ability to meet them. These include
every position taken. Firm decisions are always made critical economic sectors. We do not make decisions based
the necessity of technological advancements;
independently and based on business principles. on political or social agendas.
data quality and availability; the evolution of
consumer behavior and demand; the business
decisions of our clients, who are responsive
We want to compete. We believe in free enterprise. We value engagement.
to their own stakeholders; the need for
Our ability to compete, in both established and new Markets and economies of all sizes benefit when free and We believe the best answers reside in engagement and discourse. thoughtful public policies; the potential impact
markets, is critical to the long-term success of our business. fair enterprise thrives — creating innovation, competition When policymakers seek input to tackle challenges, we want to of legal and regulatory obligations; market
We decide where and how we choose to compete by and maximizing value for shareholders, clients, customers help. We know that our success requires working closely with conditions; climate science; commercial
assessing risk and opportunity, not to further political or and communities. Government intervention of free market government and stakeholders on sound public policy that grows considerations; and the challenge of balancing
social agendas. principles, or attempting to use businesses to advance a the economy and lifts up communities. Throughout our history, we short-term targets with the need to facilitate
political or social agenda, sets a dangerous precedent. have engaged with officials from all parties to address the world’s an orderly transition and energy security and
most pressing needs, and we look forward to continuing to do so. affordability. We plan to continue to evaluate
our targets and our approach to them and may
make any adjustments we deem necessary in
light of the aforementioned considerations.