Managing Our Operational Footprint
3
In addition to helping meet the sustainability objectives of customers and clients through our business, we JPMorgan Chase’s GHG Mitigation Hierarchy
strive to manage the environmental impact of our own operations — including our real estate and supply
STRATEGY
chain. Our reported operational footprint is driven primarily by the energy and resources we use to run our
global network of more than 5,500 corporate offices, bank branches and data centers, as well as regular
Designing new activities to be low-carbon from the outset — such as by purchasing or
activities such as business travel. Our approach includes managing our energy and carbon footprint,
AVOID constructing low-emissions equipment and buildings — or deciding not to pursue new,
constructing and operating more sustainable buildings and implementing leading practices in sustainable
high-emitting activities.
sourcing and resource management. For details on our operational GHG emissions data and renewable
electricity use, refer to pages 23–24.
Energy and Carbon Footprint Management
Upgrading or retrofitting existing equipment, buildings and processes to be more energy-
Our strategy for energy and carbon footprint management is guided by the concept of the GHG mitigation REDUCE
efficient, and therefore, reduce emissions.
hierarchy, designed to prioritize actions with the largest potential impact on emissions reduction. We
work to avoid or minimize emissions as close as possible to their source, both to maximize efficiency
of our operations and reduce our contributions to atmospheric GHG concentrations. Our approach also
considers our current operational decarbonization targets, including reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-
based) GHG emissions by 40% by 2030 vs. a 2017 baseline, sourcing renewable electricity for 100% of our Substituting high-carbon energy sources with low- or zero-carbon alternatives, such as
REPLACE
global electric power needs annually, and satisfying at least 70% of our renewable electricity with on-site renewable electricity.
generation and long-term renewable electricity contracts by the end of 2025. We continue to evaluate our
energy and carbon footprint management strategy, including our targets, and we may adjust our approach
taking into consideration market conditions, availability of technology and the broader business interests of
the Firm, among other factors. Addressing residual emissions and/or support development of climate solutions through the
REMOVE OR
purchase and retirement of high-quality carbon credits, with emphasis on high-durability
COMPENSATE
carbon removal.7,8
7 To learn more about the criteria we prioritize when evaluating the quality and credibility of carbon credits, please refer to Carbon Market Principles and page 37 of our 2023 ESG Report.
8 Durability is defined as amount of time for which CO can be stored in a stable and safe manner. In this context, high-durability is defined as 1,000+ years of anticipated CO storage. 12
2 2