Risk Identification
We have integrated climate into the firmwide risk identification framework as a driver of existing credit and investment, market, operational and strategic risk types. Supporting this framework is a classification system, illustrated below, that describes how climate risk
drivers could translate into potential impacts to our clients and our operations. We apply our scenario analysis tools to this framework to identify how climate change may impact the Firm’s risk profile. Identified climate risks are incorporated into the Firm’s risk inventory.
Translating Climate Risk Drivers into Potential Risks to the Firm23
23 List is not exhaustive. We continue to refine our taxonomy based on an evolving understanding of how climate-related risk drivers may manifest as risks to the Firm.
KSIR
ETAMILC
CLIMATE RISK DRIVERS IMPACT TRANSMISSION CHANNELS
Factors that cause a risk to exist Avenues of potential impacts through which climate risk drivers manifest into risk types
ksiR
lacisyhP
Acute Physical Risk
(e.g., floods, wildfires, tropical storms)
Chronic Physical Risk
(e.g., sea level rise, changing precipitation levels, temperature increases)
ksiR
noitisnarT
JPMORGAN CHASE RISK TYPES
Categories of risks as outlined in JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
Regulatory and/or Governmental Policy Change
Economic
Technological Evolution
Strategic Risk
Financial Costs and/or Asset Price Declines
Market Preference Country and/or Business Competitiveness Market Risk
Reputational damage Credit & Investment Risk
k
s
iR
la Litigation Operational Risk
c
is
y
h
P
Physical Damages and/or Business Distruption
Physical and Transition Risk
Physical and transition risk can manifest in a variety of ways. The table on the following page provides examples of these risks and how they could directly or indirectly affect the four major risk types we manage.
The term “first-order impacts” refers to impacts that directly affect an individual company, property or consumer. The term “second-order impacts” refers to secondary impacts to financial markets, local economies or other businesses. In some cases, the “first-order”
impacts may build over time and trigger the “second-order” impacts — for example, repeated business disruption following severe weather events may lead to higher insurance costs in the local area.
27