Supporting Our Clients and Providing Climate-Related Solutions to Consumers and Investors
We aim to provide clients with diverse and innovative solutions to support their business and climate goals, while helping to grow the market for green and sustainable financing. As such, we continue to strengthen our efforts across our LOBs to support the climate- and
sustainability-related banking and investment needs of clients and individuals.
COMMERCIAL & INVESTMENT BANK Our sustainable finance capital markets teams continue to expand our capabilities CONSUMER AND COMMUNITY BANK
in the sustainability-themed debt and debt-like markets to support our clients’
At JPMorgan Chase, we are focused on helping our clients meet their climate goals. We continue to support our customers’ transition to electric vehicles (“EVs”) by
sustainability-related activities. With over $36.7 billion in green, social, sustainable
We aim to do this by providing our clients with strategic advice, by deploying our helping them access financing to support their purchases. We provide financing
and sustainability-linked bonds underwritten in 2023,3 we are one of the leaders in
capital and expertise to help them in their efforts to reduce their operational for electric and hybrid vehicles, which consumers can find on our online auto
the market for sustainability-themed debt issuances.
emissions and, where appropriate, by advising them in their efforts in transitioning marketplace and through our private label relationships with EV manufacturers. We
their business model toward a low-carbon future. also offer an online EV Education Center, which helps consumers learn about, find
ASSET & WEALTH MANAGEMENT
and purchase electric and hybrid vehicles.
Our Corporate Advisory team helps clients achieve their long-term strategic goals
Our global and diversified franchise allows us to offer climate-conscious financial
through the delivery of holistic advice along with leading merger and acquisitions
options to interested clients, including a growing range of climate- and sustainability-
(“M&A”) and capital markets solutions. Comprised of six verticals — Corporate Finance
related products and services through our AWM businesses. We aim to give
Advisory, M&A Structuring, Ratings Advisory, Infrastructure Finance Advisory, the CASE STUDY SB ENERGY: HELPING BUILD A RENEWABLE ENERGY FUTURE
individuals, families and institutions the tools they need to meet their goals.
Center for Carbon Transition (“CCT”) and Sustainable Solutions — the Corporate We are providing financing to support SB Energy (“SBE”), a utility-scale solar,
Our Global Sustainable Investing and Stewardship team at J.P. Morgan Asset
Advisory team partners with coverage and product teams across the CIB, as well as energy storage and technology platform. SBE operates across the U.S., with more
Management (“JPMAM”) provides cross-asset research and insights on thematic ESG
Corporate Sustainability, to deliver differentiated climate-focused solutions to our than 25 GW of solar and storage projects in its pipeline. In 2024, JPMorgan Chase
issues, including climate risk; works with clients to build and implement sustainable
global client base. The team also works to develop and implement the Firm’s strategy closed a $75 million4 participation in a $700 million corporate credit facility to
investing solutions; and helps lead JPMAM investment stewardship activities,
to align, over time, our financing portfolio with net zero emissions and oversees the support SBE’s expansion. In addition to this financing, we also provide services to
including proxy voting and investee company engagement. To learn more about
implementation of our Carbon Assessment Framework (“CAF”). For more information SBE through our tax-oriented investments and investment banking teams.
these efforts, refer to the JPMAM 2024 Global TCFD Report and the JPMAM 2023
on our targets and the CAF, refer to pages 8–11 and pages 17–20.
Investment Stewardship Report.
Within CIB Markets, the Global Markets Sustainability Center works with product
Through J.P. Morgan Global Private Bank, which provides high-net-worth clients,
teams and aims to accelerate the development of tailored sustainability and
climate solutions across asset classes by incorporating investors’ preferences and endowments and foundations with access to a breadth of strategies across equities, CASE STUDY ELECTRIC HYDROGEN: SUPPORTING DECARBONIZATION
fixed income, alternatives and multi-asset portfolios, we continue to expand our THROUGH FINANCING GREEN HYDROGEN INNOVATION
sustainability criteria into investment strategies. These efforts focus on helping
Sustainable Investing offerings. To help clients achieve their sustainable investing
clients gain exposure to distinct risk and reward profiles, while also helping to Green hydrogen is expected to serve as an alternative fuel in the energy
goals, we have expanded our platform to include strategies focused on topics such as
transition their portfolios to a low-carbon economy based on investors interests. transition, helping to decarbonize hard-to-abate industries including steel,
clean energy transition, sustainable transportation and circular economy. In 2023, we
fertilizer, shipping and aviation. With a gigafactory in Massachusetts and two
Our Green Economy Banking team (“GEB”) provides subject matter expertise, banking
introduced new values-based investment offerings through OpenInvest. These give
operating plants in California, Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and
solutions and specialized credit underwriting to companies primarily focused on
clients the enhanced ability to personalize their investment strategies based on their
commissions electrolyzer plants that produce low-cost green hydrogen at scale.
decarbonization technologies, products and services. GEB serves businesses in North
values, including on topics such as deforestation, sustainable agriculture, greenhouse
We are providing financing to help support the growth of Electric Hydrogen. In
America and the Europe, Middle East and Africa regions across three coverage areas
gas emissions and ocean-harming.
2024, JPMorgan Chase participated in a $100 million5 credit facility to support
— renewable energy, sustainable finance and climate tech.
Electric Hydrogen’s growth and operations. In addition, we continue to provide
the company with treasury and investment banking solutions.
3 Dealogic Sustainable Finance Review, Syndicated Bonds, Loans and Equity — Full Year 2023. Note that third-party estimates of green, social, sustainable and sustainability-linked (“GSSS”) bond underwriting may be different from JPMC-produced data for GSSS bond underwriting in our
Sustainable Development Target (“SDT”).
4 This transaction is eligible to count toward our SDT. Per our SDT methodology, only JPMorgan Chase’s apportioned share of the transaction is counted toward our SDT progress.
5 Reflects total credit facility value. This transaction is eligible to count toward our SDT. Per our SDT methodology, only JPMorgan Chase’s apportioned share of the transaction is counted toward our SDT progress. 7