Strategy
Our Environmental Sustainability Strategy Scaling Green Solutions
1
To meet energy demand and global long-term climate and sustainability goals, the world will need to
We aim to help our clients navigate the challenges and realize the economic opportunities of the transition to a low-carbon economy. We believe
develop and deploy a host of clean technologies, business models and other solutions. As a global financial
supporting our clients, through capital and advice, in their low-carbon transition objectives creates positive environmental benefits and generates
institution, we believe we can support these goals by providing financing and strategic advice to clients and
long-term financial returns for our shareholders. We also strive to manage our own carbon footprint and the impact our corporate offices, bank
by helping investors put their capital to work.
branches and data centers have on the environment.
These efforts are guided by the three pillars of our environmental sustainability strategy — scaling green solutions; balancing environmental, social Mobilizing Capital to Support Climate and
and economic needs; and managing our operational footprint — all of which is underpinned by our ongoing focus on accountability, transparency Sustainable Solutions
and engagement.
Developing and implementing solutions to advance the transition to a sustainable, low-carbon economy will
require significant capital, including capital to deploy and scale clean energy solutions to meet the world’s
growing energy needs. At JPMorgan Chase, we aim to support the transition by putting our capital and
Our Environmental Sustainability Strategy
expertise to work.
1 2 3 For example, our $1 trillion Green objective — which we set in April 2021 as part of our broader $2.5 trillion
Sustainable Development Target (“SDT”) — is intended to support the development and scaling of climate
SCALING GREEN BALANCING ENVIRONMENTAL, MANAGING OUR
initiatives and sustainable resource management. Refer to page 16 for details of our progress toward our $1
SOLUTIONS SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC NEEDS OPERATIONAL FOOTPRINT
trillion Green objective. While we pursue our SDT, including the Green objective, we note that it is subject to other
Focusing our efforts to meet client needs and Supporting global efforts toward net Managing the environmental footprint
prerequisites and critical considerations, both within and outside our control. We plan to continue to evaluate
on scaling solutions the world will need for zero GHG emissions by 2050 while of our own operations, including in our
the SDT and make our own decisions on our approach to it. We may make any adjustments to our targets that we
long-term environmental sustainability balancing energy access, reliability, buildings, branches and data centers
deem necessary in light of considerations including the latest climate science and technology, macroeconomic
security and affordability
trends, commercial impacts and our clients’ business needs. To learn more on our SDT, including the activities
it is designed to support and amplify across our business, refer to pages 9–13 of our 2023 ESG Report.
We aim to support the green and sustainable markets through our own sustainable bond issuances. In 2023,
the Firm issued one Green Bond (one benchmark issuance) for an aggregate total notional of $2 billion. For
more information on our Sustainable Bond issuances, refer to our 2023 Annual Sustainable Bond Report and
ACCOUNTABILITY, TRANSPARENCY AND ENGAGEMENT
Sustainable Bond Framework.
Reporting regularly and engaging with a diverse set of stakeholders to identify and
advance best practices and new opportunities We also believe we can play a part in helping support a more robust and effective voluntary carbon market.
Our Carbon Market Principles outlines our perspective on the role that the voluntary carbon market plays;
current market challenges; and how we are working to support the integrity and functioning of the voluntary
carbon market, including by purchasing high-quality carbon credits to address our residual operational GHG
emissions (refer to page 23) and engaging with clients on carbon credit-related transactions.
6