Executive Overview
QUICK LINKS
ESFR methodology
Our Net Zero-Aligned Targets
In this report, we provide details on our approach to climate-related efforts including:
Our approach to setting net zero-aligned targets (Carbon Compass®
methodology) and progress as of December 31, 2023 • How our corporate governance practices are designed to support the identification
We continue our efforts to align key sectors of our financing portfolio1 with net zero
and management of climate-related risks and opportunities;
Our absolute financed and facilitated emissions emissions outcomes. To date, we have set nine net zero-aligned targets for eight
sectors — Oil & Gas, Electric Power, Auto Manufacturing, Aviation, Shipping, Iron &
• How our business is responding to climate risks and opportunities, including
Our operational GHG emissions
Steel, Cement and Aluminum — aligned with the International Energy Agency’s Net
our evolving approach for supporting our clients’ climate goals and the global
Our 2023 ESG Report Zero by 2050 scenario.
transition to a low-carbon economy;
Our Annual Sustainable Bond Report We developed our Carbon Assessment Framework (“CAF”) to help assess our clients’
• How we are measuring our performance and how we are making progress toward
decarbonization plans. CAF creates an opportunity for us to engage with our clients,
our climate targets, including our actions to align key sectors of our lending and
understand their views, plans and constraints, as well as their capital needs. We
underwriting portfolio with net zero emissions; and
use CAF as one element of our decision-making; for each new proposed in-scope
• How we identify, assess and manage climate risks within our risk
transaction, our CAF provides decision-makers at the Firm with insights into how the
management framework.
Company at a Glance transaction may impact a portfolio’s carbon intensity.
We may adjust our efforts over time.
At this time, we are not setting targets for additional sectors of our portfolio due
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase”, the “Firm” or “we”) is a financial This report has been informed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial to factors including data limitations, lack of available decarbonization pathways
services company based in the United States of America (“U.S.”), with Disclosures (“TCFD”) recommendations. Our Climate Report Data Tables include a and commercial considerations. Our focus remains on helping our clients’
U.S. branches in 48 states and Washington D.C., 309,926 employees in 65 TCFD Index that maps our disclosures to the TCFD recommendations. decarbonization efforts, understanding their regional and business characteristics,
countries worldwide and $3.9 trillion in assets as of December 31, 2023. The and supporting today’s energy needs while creating long-term value for our business
All data in this report is as of December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted.
Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and and shareholders. We plan to continue playing our part in the energy transition by
small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and providing strategic advice to our clients, leveraging our balance sheet and connecting
Energy Supply Financing Ratio
asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves capital seekers with providers. We also plan to continue engaging with the public
millions of customers, predominantly in the U.S., and many of the world’s sector, governments, regulators and policymakers on climate-related matters and to
We have developed our own methodology to calculate our Energy Supply Financing
most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. continue to report on details of our approach and progress.
Ratio (“ESFR”). The ESFR metric compares the amount of financing supporting low-
Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the Firm reorganized its reportable carbon intensive and zero-carbon (referred to as “Low-Carbon”) energy supply versus To learn more about our net zero-aligned targets and our CAF, please refer to
business segments by combining the former Corporate & Investment Bank that supporting high-carbon intensive and unabated fossil-based (referred to as pages 9–11.
and Commercial Banking business segments to form one reportable segment, “High-Carbon”) energy supply. While this disclosure metric can provide more insight
the Commercial & Investment Bank (“CIB”). As a result of the reorganization, into the capital that we are providing, we are not aligning our financing to meet a
the Firm now has three reportable business segments, as well as a Corporate specific target for this ratio. The decision to disclose this ratio was made following
segment. The Firm’s consumer business is the Consumer & Community engagement with our shareholders including the New York City Comptroller, which
Banking (“CCB”) segment. The Firm’s wholesale businesses are the CIB and serves as the Trustee for each of the New York City Public Pension Funds.
Asset & Wealth Management (“AWM”) segments. For further information,
For the year ended December 31, 2023, our ESFR of 1.29x shows that for each dollar
refer to the Business Segment Results of our Form 10-Q for the six month
supporting High-Carbon energy supply, 1.29 dollars supported Low-Carbon energy supply.
period ending on June 30, 2024.
For more information on our approach, details on our methodology and resulting
metric, refer to page 22 and our ESFR methodology.
1 Our financing portfolio is defined to include all lending, tax-oriented investments and capital markets activity with in-scope clients. 2