Introduction
Message from Our Chairman & CEO
At JPMorgan Chase, our financing helps power the global economy, supporting We developed a data-driven and investment-focused methodology for calculating this Technology, data quality, consumer behavior, clients’ business decisions and market
energy security and the ongoing transition to a low-carbon economy. As one of the ratio, to provide a forward-looking view on how our energy financing supports real conditions remain crucial prerequisites to making progress. Constructive government
world’s largest financiers of both low-carbon and traditional energy, we understand economy investments in energy supply. leadership and policy is also necessary, particularly on taxes, permitting, energy
that economic growth, energy security and affordability, and sustainability are grids, infrastructure and technological innovation. We will continue to do our part.
As we continue to iterate this metric, we will engage investors, industry participants
interconnected. We seek to enable inclusive, sustainable economic growth because it’s
and other stakeholders about our approach.
good for business; when our clients, customers and communities do well, we do too.
This Climate Report highlights our work with clients to support their goals and Jamie Dimon
As society seeks to avoid the worst impacts of climate change, it also requires
the global transition to a low-carbon-economy, and details how we are working Chairman & CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
affordable and secure energy to thrive. Scaling zero-carbon energy is a critical path
to address emissions from our financing and facilitation activities. This includes
forward, but it will take time and it critically must include technological innovation
reporting on our climate-related metrics, such as our goal to finance and facilitate
and public policy done well — in addition to financial support — to make it possible to
$1 trillion to support the development and scaling of climate initiatives by 2030;
meet the growing energy demand.
our nine net zero-aligned targets for key sectors of our portfolio; and our absolute
This energy transition presents an enormous commercial opportunity. It’s estimated financed and facilitated emissions. While we’re proud of the progress we’ve made
that over $5 trillion is needed each year to scale low- and zero-carbon technologies, deploying our capital, data and expertise to support our clients, we also make our
and we want to be the bank of choice for companies seeking advice and financing for own decisions, use our judgment, make adjustments as needed and speak with our
those investments. own voice. This includes continuing to evaluate our targets and our approach to them,
considering the latest science and technology, macroeconomic trends, commercial
Following extensive engagement with our shareholders, we are one of the first U.S.
impacts and our clients’ business needs.
banks to publish an Energy Supply Financing Ratio, which provides additional insight
on our energy financing, specifically our financing of low-carbon energy supply We continue to strengthen our efforts across our businesses to support the climate-
relative to high-carbon energy supply. Our investors are interested in more insight and sustainability-related banking and investment needs of clients and individuals,
into finance we are providing to support client demand for real economy investment and to contribute to the growth of the sustainable and green financing markets.
in both low-carbon and high-carbon energy supply and how that relative share of We believe supporting our clients, through capital and advice, in their low-carbon
investment is shifting over time. transition objectives creates positive environmental benefits and generates long-term
financial returns for our shareholders.
1