Governance
Our corporate governance practices are designed to help us serve the diverse interests of our stakeholders, including customers, clients, employees, shareholders and communities in which we operate. We believe that our continued success is rooted in our steadfast
adherence to our Business Principles, which are centered around strengthening, safeguarding and growing our company over the long term. We assess and refine our governance structures, processes and controls, as appropriate.
The illustration on the following page outlines how environmental sustainability and climate-related matters are overseen by the Board of Directors (“the Board”) and senior management within the Firm’s LOBs.
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Our management structure is designed to encourage leadership that is consistent with our corporate standards. With respect to
The Board is responsible for oversight of the business and affairs of the Firm on behalf of shareholders. Oversight of ESG
climate-related matters, senior management’s responsibilities include consideration of climate-related risks in the Firm’s strategy
matters, including those related to environmental sustainability and climate, is an important part of the Board’s work. In
and operations, implementation of strategic climate-related business initiatives and review of progress against climate-related
2023, some of the topics discussed during Board and Committee meetings included climate risk, climate and ESG-related
public targets.
disclosures, and laws and regulations regarding access to financial services.
The Firm’s most senior management body is the Operating Committee (“OC”), which is composed of our Chief Executive Officer
In addition, the principal standing Board committees — Public Responsibility Committee, Compensation & Management
(“CEO”), Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), General Counsel, CEOs of each of the LOBs and other senior
Development Committee, Risk Committee, Audit Committee and Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee — operate
executives, such as our Global Head of Corporate Responsibility. The OC and Board of Directors receive updates from the CRO, the
pursuant to written charters and oversee ESG-related matters within their scope of responsibility. These charters and the
Global Head of Sustainability, the Global Head of the Corporate Advisory2, LOB CEOs and other senior leaders on climate-related
Firm’s Corporate Governance Principles guide the Board’s governance and oversight functions. Our annual Proxy Statement
initiatives, as appropriate. For more information on the Corporate Advisory team, refer to page 7.
includes additional information about the membership and responsibilities of each committee.
Leveraging the Firm’s emerging expertise on environmental topics, various climate-related initiatives across LOBs are periodically
Climate- and ESG-related matters are part of our director education program. In 2023, directors participated in programs
managed through LOB-led business reviews. The Firmwide Environmental Committee (“FEC”) provides senior oversight and
on a number of subjects, including sustainability updates, the Firm’s climate risk management framework and climate- and
decision-making on the Firm's strategy, definitions, methodologies, standards and practices related to environmental (including
ESG-related disclosures.
climate) initiatives, products, targets and public messaging. Co-chaired by the CRO and the Global Head of Sustainability, the FEC’s
membership includes senior leaders from across the Firm and the firmwide Climate, Nature and Social Risk Executive, among others.
The co-chairs of the FEC are responsible for escalating information to the Board of Directors and its committees, as appropriate.
2 In 2024, we renamed the Corporate Advisory & Sustainable Solutions (“CASS”) to Corporate Advisory. 4