Accountability, Transparency and Engagement
We have taken steps to respond to climate-related risks and opportunities in our business, but we are aware that there is more work we can do, and we will continue to learn — including through the feedback we receive from our stakeholders. Our environmental
sustainability strategy is supported and strengthened by our ongoing efforts to enhance accountability, transparency and engagement.
Accountability Policy and Industry Engagement governance. When participating with these groups, we continue to exercise our own
business judgment based on the best interest of the Firm and serving our clients. We
We strive to leverage the Firm’s robust management structures to foster sound We recognize the need for thoughtful public policy on climate- and energy-related
also participate in a variety of initiatives focused on advancing sustainability, such as
management and a culture of accountability on ESG matters. This includes defining matters. Such public policy can help accelerate the Firm’s progress on sustainability-
the following in the Oil & Gas sector:
oversight and management of climate-related initiatives within and across our related efforts and contribute to sustainable economic growth. It is among the
• In 2024, select banking leaders of JPMorgan Chase took part in the Methane
LOBs (refer to page 4 for more information). We aim for transparency by reporting prerequisites for achievement of our and others’ climate targets. We engage with
Abatement Taskforce’s Financial Working Group, a COP28 initiated effort
progress against key climate and ESG-related targets annually — including processes external stakeholders and trade associations on policies that we believe can help
coordinated by the Climate Bonds Initiative, which aimed to produce voluntary
and controls for data disclosure and verification. make net zero goals achievable and further the availability of affordable and secure
guidelines for investments that result in a reduction of methane emissions aligned
energy while continuing to make our own independent decisions.
Public Reporting with the IEA NZE.
We believe that no one company or sector can solve the challenges and complexities
• In 2024, we engaged the energy industry and financial communities at events
We recognize stakeholders’ interest in timely information concerning our climate- of climate change; rather, engagement between public and private actors — and
across the U.S., from Texas Christian University’s Global Energy Symposium to the
related strategies and activities. We communicate information about our ESG across industries — can help lead the development and implementation of solutions
New York City Transition-IQ Forum to the Aspen Institute’s Aspen ESG Summit.
practices and performance, including climate, through a number of channels that that address diverse stakeholder needs.
may include our Annual Report, Climate reporting, regulatory filings, website, press • JPMorgan Chase sponsored the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce’s
The Firm also belongs to a number of trade associations that advocate on major
releases, direct conversations with stakeholders, and various other reports and Energy Summit in June 2024, where we spoke about opportunities to enhance
public policy issues of importance to the Firm and the communities we serve. The
presentations. We maintain a dedicated ESG information page on our website to both decarbonization and energy security through methane abatement and
Firm’s participation in these associations comes with the understanding that we
facilitate access to information that we publish on these topics. We are also closely carbon capture and storage technology, and ways that Hispanic-owned business
may not always align with all their positions or those of its other members. We make
monitoring and responding to regulatory developments related to mandatory climate can participate in associated supply chains.
independent decisions as a Firm, and we may provide feedback on these associations’
reporting requirements in many jurisdictions around the world.
efforts. A list of the Firm’s principal trade associations is disclosed in our • In 2024, at New York Climate Week, we hosted an event with the Oil and Gas Climate
Political Engagement Report. Initiative, bridging together the public and private sectors, including representatives
from energy and financial firms. The event focused on emissions reduction efforts,
Similarly, we may engage with industry groups focused on complex global challenges,
data and disclosure enhancements, and cross-sector opportunities.
including climate change. We participate with these groups as long as they align with
our objectives, enhance our ability to meet those objectives and have appropriate
14