Our Carbon Assessment Framework Key Aspects of Our Carbon Assessment Framework
We developed our Carbon Assessment Framework (“CAF”) with the aim of
QUANTITATIVE ASSESSMENT QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT
providing a consistent, comprehensive and data-driven approach to assess our
clients’ emissions and decarbonization plans. For each new proposed in-scope
Current Client is scored relative to carbon intensity performance within the
Holistic view of the client's plans and actions to achieve its decarbonization plans including:
transaction, our CAF provides decision-makers at the Firm with insights into Carbon Intensity same sector portfolio
how the transaction may impact a portfolio’s carbon intensity. Client’s Board oversight and corporate governance of climate-related matters
Forecasted
Client is scored relative to the applicable net zero aligned target
The framework relies on two key scores that are assessed for each client: a Carbon Intensity Client’s integration of climate risk and opportunities in corporate strategy
quantitative score and a qualitative score (collectively known as the CAF scores).
Historical Carbon
Client is scored based on the 2-year change in its carbon intensity Client’s investments toward decarbonization
Intensity Reduction
The quantitative score for each client comprises three pillars:
i. Current Carbon Intensity: we compare each client’s most recently available CAF QUANTITATIVE SCORE (1–5) CAF QUALITATIVE SCORE (1–5)
carbon intensity to that of other clients within the same sector, which allows
us to benchmark their performance within each respective sector portfolio.
ii. Forecasted Carbon Intensity: we use our clients’ decarbonization targets
to forecast their carbon intensity for our target year (2030). This gives us
insight into each client’s decarbonization goals and pathway.
iii. Historical Carbon Intensity Reduction: we measure the change in each
HOW WE ARE USING CAF We recognize that different factors beyond both our and our clients’ control — such as
client’s carbon intensity to gauge their progress and continued focus on
technology development and scalability — will pose challenges in the low-carbon journey.
reducing carbon intensity over time. We aim to align our capabilities and efforts to make progress toward our net zero-
The table on the following page gives a few examples of areas where we are engaging
aligned targets. Our goal is to develop our knowledge and understanding of the
The qualitative score, which considers a variety of factors, enables us to take with our clients to provide additional support by delivering strategic advice, as well
complexities of navigating the low-carbon transition to support our clients in thinking
a holistic view — beyond just carbon intensity — of how each client plans to as providing capital and structured financing solutions to help them in achieving their
through and acting on their decarbonization plans, while also aiming to achieve
advance their decarbonization strategy. Some of the factors we consider include decarbonization goals. We see these as levers that may help advance decarbonization
emissions reductions across our financing portfolio.
governance and oversight of climate matters, climate risk integration into of the different sectors where our clients operate and contribute to our progress toward
corporate strategy, investments (e.g., mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, Decision-making and Portfolio Management: We consider the CAF as one element our net zero-aligned targets.
venture funding) to support transition and climate objectives, and supplier of our decision-making for new in-scope transactions in our targeted sectors. The
Risk Management: We also consider CAF scores in our risk assessments. The quantitative
sustainability programs. Where applicable, we also consider specific factors; CAF process, and corresponding governance, have been integrated into the various
and qualitative CAF scores are used in our Wholesale Credit Risk stress framework along
for example, in the Oil & Gas sector, we evaluate client’s flaring and fugitive deal execution processes for each sector across credit and capital markets financing
with other climate-related factors, such as transition scenario outputs, to estimate the
methane emissions management plans. for all in-scope transactions. While all transactions are assessed on an individual
impact of different transition pathways on client financials and credit ratings. For more
basis with a holistic view of many factors, the CAF allows us to assess how each new
information on how we use CAF in our risk assessments, please refer to page 29.
transaction may impact our portfolio carbon intensity. Our CAF facilitates visibility
and monitoring of progress toward targets by senior leaders of relevant banking
teams at regional- and sector-specific levels.
Client Engagement: Assessing our clients’ decarbonization plans through our CAF
creates an opportunity for us to engage with our clients, understand their views,
plans and constraints, as well as their capital needs. The CCT, together with other
banking teams, works closely with clients to offer financial solutions to advance
clients’ decarbonization initiatives and goals.
9