Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
• Cybersecurity. To more effectively address the cybersecurity threats posed today, Verizon has a dedicated Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO) whose team is responsible for leading enterprise‑wide information security
strategy, policy, standards, architecture and processes. The CISO leads an annual review and discussion with the
Board dedicated to Verizon’s cybersecurity risks, threats and protections. The CISO provides a mid‑year update to
this annual review to the Audit Committee and, as warranted, additional updates throughout the year. The Audit
Committee also receives a report from senior management on Verizon’s cybersecurity posture and related matters
at each of its other meetings during the year at which the CISO is not present.
Responsible business. Verizon’s Responsible Business Council, chaired by the CEO and composed of members of
the senior leadership team, oversees the integration of responsible business practices as a core operating principle.
The Chief Responsible Business Officer reports to the Board on the Council’s activities and Verizon’s community and
social impact initiatives.
Current policy and technology issues impacting corporate reputation. The Corporate Governance and Policy
Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing the Company’s handling of risks related to Verizon’s position and
engagement on important public policy and technology issues, as well as individual events and incidents that may affect the
Company’s business and reputation. The Committee receives regular updates from management on the current policy and
technology issues facing the Company that may generate publicity and impact corporate reputation.
Political activities and lobbying. Verizon adheres to the highest ethical standards when engaging in any political activity.
The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee oversees our political activity, including lobbying, and receives a
comprehensive briefing from the Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs on these activities at least
annually.
Verizon understands that transparency regarding our political activity is critical to maintaining the trust of our stakeholders.
We publish a Political Engagement Report on our corporate website that is updated twice a year. This report describes our
current policy priorities, provides information about lobbying activities and our Public Policy organization’s significant
memberships in trade associations and issue advocacy organizations, and lists all of our PAC contributions, corporate
political contributions, support for ballot initiatives and independent expenditures for the period covered. Verizon supports
trade associations and issue advocacy organizations for a number of reasons, including to reflect our interest in the
community, acquire valuable industry and market expertise and support our strategic policy positions, business goals and
interests. We recognize that we may not always agree with every position of each organization or its members and that
these groups often have a diversity of members, interests and viewpoints that may not always reflect Verizon’s beliefs or
priorities. In order to mitigate reputational risks associated with our engagement with these organizations, we regularly
review our participation to confirm ongoing alignment with our corporate priorities and goals. When we disagree with a
position of an organization we support, we communicate our concerns through the senior executives who interact with
these organizations.
Human rights. As expressed in our Human Rights Statement, Verizon is committed to operating with respect for
internationally recognized human rights. We have a dedicated Business and Human Rights Program that works to
embed human rights considerations into responsible business decision‑making processes across the Company. The
Corporate Governance and Policy Committee oversees our human rights work.
Culture and employee engagement. Our Board views our employees as one of Verizon’s most critical assets and
regularly receives briefings from the CEO and the Chief Human Resources Officer on initiatives to strengthen our
company culture and encourage employee engagement. The CEO and the Chief Human Resources Officer review
with the Board the results of the “Pulse” surveys completed by employees across the Company. Periodically, our
Directors attend employee town halls and participate in leadership forums with employees. Verizon is committed to
creating a collaborative and inclusive environment that reflects our values of trust, care and excellence. We focus on
hiring top talent and having the most engaged workforce with the skills and experience to extend our leadership. The
Board views this commitment as a business imperative and a competitive advantage.
Succession planning and talent development. Our Board recognizes that one of its most important duties is to
promote continuity in Verizon’s senior leadership by overseeing the development of executive talent and planning for
the efficient succession of the CEO. Our Board has delegated primary oversight responsibility for succession
planning to the Human Resources Committee, which oversees assignments to key leadership positions. The Human
Resources Committee reports on its activities to the full Board, which addresses succession planning during
executive sessions.
To align the succession planning and management development process with Verizon’s strategic objectives, the Board and
the Human Resources Committee regularly consult with the CEO and the Chief Human Resources Officer, and receive
advice on related compensation issues from the Human Resources Committee’s independent compensation consultant.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 15