Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Who is Verizon’s proxy solicitor?
Innisfree M&A Incorporated is helping us distribute proxy materials and solicit votes for a base fee of $30,000, plus
reimbursable expenses and customary charges. In addition to solicitations by mail, Verizon employees and the proxy
solicitor may solicit proxies in person or by telephone. Verizon will bear the cost of soliciting proxies.
Shareholder proposals
How do I submit a shareholder proposal to be included in the proxy statement
for next year’s annual meeting of shareholders?
Any shareholder may submit a proposal to be included in the proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of
shareholders by sending it to the Assistant Corporate Secretary at Verizon Communications Inc., 1095 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, New York 10036. We must receive the proposal no later than December 8, 2025. We are not
required to include any proposal in our proxy statement that we receive after that date or that does not comply with
applicable SEC rules.
How do I nominate a Director to be included in the proxy statement for next
year’s annual meeting of shareholders?
Under the “proxy access” provisions of our bylaws, any shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders who have
maintained continuous qualifying ownership of at least 3% or more of Verizon’s outstanding common stock for at
least the previous three years may include a specified number of Director nominees in our 2026 proxy materials. The
bylaws require that the shareholder proponents:
• Notify us in writing between November 8, 2025 and December 8, 2025; and
• Provide the additional required information and comply with the other requirements contained in our bylaws.
How do I otherwise nominate a Director or bring other business before next
year’s annual meeting?
Under our bylaws, a shareholder may nominate an individual to serve as a Director or bring other business before the
2026 annual meeting of shareholders. The bylaws require that the shareholder:
• Notify us in writing between January 22, 2026, and February 21, 2026;
• Include his or her name, record address and Verizon share ownership;
• Update this information as of the record date and after any subsequent change; and
• Comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 14a‑19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The notice required for any such nomination must be sent to the Assistant Corporate Secretary at Verizon
Communications Inc., 1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036. Shareholders may request a copy
of the bylaw requirements by writing to the Assistant Corporate Secretary at that address.
Must a shareholder proponent appear at the virtual Annual Meeting to present
his or her proposal?
A shareholder proponent or the proponent’s qualified representative must attend the virtual Annual Meeting to
present the proposal. Under our bylaws, in the event a qualified representative of a shareholder proponent will
appear at the annual meeting to present the proposal, the shareholder proponent must provide notice of the
designation, including the identity of the representative, to the Assistant Corporate Secretary at the address
specified under “Contacting us” at least 48 hours prior to the meeting.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 73