Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Shareholder feedback on compensation
Our Board, the Human Resources Committee and our management team value shareholder perspectives on our
executive compensation program. Management and Directors engage with our institutional shareholders in meetings
and calls throughout the year. Topics of discussion typically include the Committee’s choice of performance
measures for awards issued under our Short- and Long‑Term Incentive Plans, the relationship between the
performance measures and our long‑term strategy, the payout terms of equity awards, compensation recoupment
policies and shareholder proposals, and our long‑standing practice of including performance measures related to our
responsible business goals in our Short‑Term Plan. In addition to this direct feedback, as part of the Committee’s
annual review of the executive compensation program, the Committee considers the outcome of Verizon’s annual
shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation – the “say‑on‑pay.” At our annual meeting of shareholders in
May 2024, the compensation of our named executive officers was approved by approximately 91% of votes cast.
Based on the perspective obtained from discussions with our long‑term shareholders, the results of our 2024
say‑on‑pay vote, and the history of strong shareholder support in prior say‑on‑pay votes, the Committee believes our
shareholders continue to strongly support Verizon’s executive compensation program.
Best practices in executive compensation and governance
Our compensation program reflects our commitment to industry‑leading standards for compensation design and
governance. The Human Resources Committee regularly reviews best practices in executive compensation and
governance and revises our policies and practices when appropriate. The following table highlights some features of
our executive compensation program that demonstrate the rigor of our policies.
More information
What we do
on page
Pay for performance Approximately 90% of named executive officers’ total compensation opportunity is
variable, incentive‑based pay. 23
Focus on performance: Our adjusted earnings per share (EPS) metric under our Long‑Term Incentive Plan
Exclude buybacks from (Long‑Term Plan) excludes the benefit of any repurchases of Verizon’s common
EPS results stock under a share buyback program. 29
Robust stock ownership We have stock ownership guidelines for the CEO of 7x base salary; for other named
guidelines executive officers of 4x base salary; and for Directors of 5x the cash component of
the annual Board retainer. 34
Clawback policies Our clawback policies give us the right to cancel or “claw back” incentive
compensation from any senior executive who has engaged in misconduct that
results in (i) significant reputational or financial harm to Verizon or (ii) a material
financial restatement. In addition, the Company maintains an additional clawback
policy in accordance with NYSE and Nasdaq listing rules that provides for the
mandatory recovery of erroneously awarded “incentive‑based compensation” from
current and former executive officers in the event that Verizon is required to prepare
an accounting restatement. 35
Anti‑hedging policy Our anti‑hedging policy prohibits Directors and executives who receive equity‑based
incentive awards from entering into transactions designed to hedge or offset any
decrease in the market value of Verizon stock that they own. 35
Double‑trigger change in In the event of a change in control, our Long‑Term Plan requires an involuntary
control termination without cause for any accelerated vesting of awards. 34
Responsible business metric For over 20 years, our short‑term incentive program has included a metric reflecting
our responsible business goals. 26
What we don’t do
Tax gross‑ups We do not provide tax gross‑ups to our executive officers or Directors. 33
Dividends on unearned We do not pay dividends on unearned Performance Stock Units (PSUs) or
performance awards Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). 28
Employment contracts None of our named executive officers has an employment contract.
34
Guaranteed benefits Over 15 years ago, we froze our defined benefit pension and supplemental executive
retirement benefits. 33
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 21