Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Oversight of business risks
While senior management has primary responsibility for managing business risks, our Board of Directors is
responsible for risk oversight. The Board works closely with senior management to develop a comprehensive view of
Verizon’s key short- and long‑term business risks. Verizon has a formalized business risk management reporting
process that is designed to provide visibility to the Board about critical risks and risk mitigation strategies.
The Board of Directors uses several different levels of review in overseeing the management of risks inherent in the
operation of Verizon’s businesses and the implementation of our strategic plan. The Board addresses the primary
risks associated with Verizon’s business units and corporate functions in its operations reviews of those units and
functions. Further, the Board reviews the risks associated with Verizon’s strategic plan throughout the year.
In addition, each of our Board committees oversees the management of risks that fall within that committee’s areas
of responsibility. In performing this function, each Board committee has full access to management and may engage
independent advisors. As part of the Board’s risk oversight function, the Board regularly brings in outside advisors
and experts to speak to the Board on topics including emerging business risks.
Enterprise risk management. The Audit Committee oversees the operations of Verizon’s Enterprise Risk
Management program, which identifies the primary risks to Verizon’s business and also assesses Verizon’s overall
control environment, including controls related to financial reporting, disclosure, compliance and significant financial
and business risks. These risks inform Board and Audit Committee discussion topics throughout the year.
Senior management teams from across the business periodically meet with the Audit Committee to discuss the
primary risks associated with their respective business units and functions, and related risk mitigation initiatives. As
part of Verizon’s annual enterprise risk assessment process, the Audit Committee also reviews key business risks
with the CFO, the Senior Vice President of Internal Audit and the Chief Compliance Officer. The Audit Committee
routinely meets privately with representatives from the independent registered public accounting firm, the Senior
Vice President of Internal Audit, and the Chief Legal Officer.
Financial risk and capital allocation. The Finance Committee assists our Board in its oversight of financial risk
management. In performing this function, the Finance Committee oversees the strategy for managing risks related to
currency, interest rate, renewable energy, counterparty exposures and use of derivatives.
Environmental sustainability. To address climate‑related risks, Verizon has a long‑term goal to achieve net‑zero emissions
in our operations by 2035. We have set interim Science‑based Target Initiative (SBTi)-approved targets to reduce
operational and value chain emissions, as well as renewable energy targets. In addition, in 2024, we committed to set an
SBTi‑approved target to reach net‑zero GHG emissions across our value chain (scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2050. We are
upgrading and hardening our infrastructure to be prepared for a changing climate, improving energy efficiency across our
networks and facilities and making substantial investments in renewable energy. Several of our Directors have experience
with climate‑related issues, including renewable energy, network resilience, innovative technological solutions and
emissions management.
Each committee of the Board oversees the management of the specific risks related to our environmental sustainability
strategy and the transition to a low‑carbon economy that fall under the committee’s area of responsibility:
• Audit Committee. Discusses environmental and climate‑related risks as part of its annual business risk reviews.
• Corporate Governance and Policy Committee. Oversees Verizon’s strategy for managing climate‑related risks and
monitors the Company’s progress on meeting climate‑related goals.
• Finance Committee. Oversees the strategy for managing risks related to Verizon’s renewable energy exposure
through renewable energy purchase agreements, as well as the Company’s green financing program.
• Human Resources Committee. To incentivize management to achieve the Company’s climate‑related goals, the
Human Resources Committee has included a carbon intensity reduction metric as one of the performance
measures in the Short‑Term Plan since 2014.
Data privacy and cybersecurity. The Board is committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy and security
protections for our customers’ information. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing Verizon’s
risk management programs relating to data protection and privacy and cybersecurity. The Audit Committee also
monitors Verizon’s compliance in the areas of data protection and privacy.
• Data privacy. Verizon has a dedicated Chief Privacy Officer whose team advises the business on privacy risks and
assesses the effectiveness of privacy controls. The Chief Privacy Officer at least annually briefs the Audit Committee on
data privacy risks and mitigating actions.
14 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement