Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Our Board’s independence
Verizon’s Corporate Governance Guidelines establish standards for evaluating Director independence and require
that a substantial majority of the Directors be independent. The Board determines the independence of each
Director under New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Nasdaq governance standards, as well as the more stringent
standards included in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. These standards identify the types of relationships that,
if material, could impair independence, and fix monetary thresholds at which the relationships are considered to be
material. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on the Corporate Governance section of our website at
www.verizon.com/about/investors/corporate‑‑governance. The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee
conducts an annual review of any relevant business relationships that each Director may have with Verizon and
reports its findings to the full Board.
Based on the Committee’s recommendation, the Board has determined that all of the non‑employee Director candidates
meet the independence requirements of applicable law, the NYSE, Nasdaq and Verizon’s Corporate Governance Guidelines:
Ms. Archambeau, Ms. Austin, Mr. Bertolini, Mr. Colao, Ms. Litchfield, Mr. Narasimhan, Mr. Otis, Mr. Schulman and Ms. Tomé.
The Board also determined that Mr. Slater, who is not standing for re‑election, and Ms. Melanie Healey and Mr. Gregory
Weaver, who both served on the Board from January 1 to May 2024, were independent.
Additionally, the Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee and the Human Resources Committee
meets the additional, heightened independence criteria applicable to such committee members under the applicable
NYSE and Nasdaq rules. The Board made the same determination in 2024 for Ms. Healey, who served on the Human
Resources Committee until May 2024, for Mr. Narasimhan, who served on the Audit Committee until December 2024,
and for Mr. Weaver, who served on the Audit Committee until May 2024.
The employers or former employers of Ms. Litchfield, Mr. Narasimhan and Ms. Tomé each made payments to Verizon
for telecommunications services during 2024. In addition, during 2024, Verizon made payments to Mr. Narasimhan’s
former employer for Starbucks gift cards purchased by Verizon customers and to Ms. Tomé’s employer for shipping
services. Applying the independence standards above, the Board considered the foregoing payments and
determined that these general business transactions and relationships are not material and did not impair the ability
of the Director to act independently.
Director nominations
The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee considers and recommends candidates for our Board. The
Committee reviews all nominations submitted to Verizon, including individuals recommended by shareholders,
Directors or members of management. The Committee also retains executive search firms from time to time to help
identify and evaluate potential candidates.
Any shareholder who wishes to recommend a Director candidate to the Committee for its consideration should write to the
Assistant Corporate Secretary at the address provided under “Contacting us.” A recommendation for a Director candidate
should include the candidate’s name, biographical data and a description of the candidate’s qualifications in light of the
requirements described below. If we make any material changes to the Committee’s procedure for considering and
nominating candidates, wewill file a report with the SEC and post the information on the Corporate Governance section of
our website at www.verizon.com/about/investors/corporate‑‑governance.
The Committee reviews the qualifications of each candidate for election or re‑election to the Board. For incumbent Directors,
this review includes the Director’s participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board, the Director’s independence
and past meeting attendance, and whether the Director’s skills and expertise continue to align with Verizon’s long‑term
business strategy. After the Committee evaluates all candidates for Director, it presents its recommendation to the Board.
The Committee also discusses with the Board any candidates who the Committee considered but did not recommend for
election or re‑election.
Before being nominated, each candidate for election and each incumbent Director standing for re‑election must consent to
stand for election or re‑election and provide certain representations required under Verizon’s bylaws. Each candidate who is
standing for election must also submit an irrevocable resignation, which will only become effective if (i) our Board or any
Committee determines that any of the required representations were untrue in any material respect, or that the candidate
breached any obligation under Verizon’s bylaws, or (ii) the candidate does not receive a majority of the votes cast at the
annual meeting of shareholders, and the independent members of our Board decide to accept the resignation. Any decision
about a resignation following an incumbent Director’s failure to obtain a majority of the votes cast will be disclosed within 90
days after the election results are certified.
2 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement