Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Our approach to shareholder engagement
We believe that a robust shareholder outreach and engagement program is an essential component of maintaining
our strong corporate governance practices. Ongoing communication with our investors helps our Board and senior
management gather useful feedback on a wide range of topics. In our discussions with investors, we seek their input
on a variety of corporate governance, compensation and environmental and social topics that may impact our
business or reputation. We strive for a collaborative approach with investors to solicit and understand a variety of
perspectives. These engagements include the participation of our independent Lead Director or other Directors,
when requested and appropriate. Shareholder feedback is regularly summarized and shared with our Board. In 2024,
topics covered in engagement included executive compensation, political engagement, board diversity and skills,
business ethics, human rights, risk management, cybersecurity, data privacy, digital inclusion, human capital
management, responsible AI, climate change, network reliability and resilience, nature‑related impacts, Verizon's ESG
ratings, and the subject matter of shareholder proposals that received a significant vote.
Where to find more information
You can find information about the Verizon Board on the Corporate Governance section of our website at
www.verizon.com/about/investors/corporate‑‑governance. You can also access Verizon’s Corporate
Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct and other corporate governance materials, including Verizon’s
certificate of incorporation, bylaws, committee charters and policies at that site. You can request copies of these
materials from the Assistant Corporate Secretary at the address provided under “Contacting us.”
In addition, you can access our Responsible Business Reports, TCFD Reports, Transparency Reports,
Political Engagement Reports and EEO‑1 Reports, as well as key company policies at
www.verizon.com/about/investors/reporting.
The information contained on any website referred to in this proxy statement is provided for reference only
and is not incorporated herein by reference. The inclusion of information contained in the reports on our
website should not be construed as a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of
that information.
How to contact the Board
Any shareholder or interested party may communicate directly with our Board, any committee of our Board, any
individual Director (including the Lead Director and the committee chairs), or the non‑employee Directors as a group,
by writing to:
Verizon Communications Inc.
Board of Directors
(or committee name, individual Director, Lead
Director, committee chair or non‑employee
Directors as a group, as appropriate)
1095 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036
Verizon’s Corporate Secretary reviews all correspondence addressed to our Directors and periodically provides the
Board with copies of all communications concerning the functions of our Board or its committees, or that otherwise
require Board attention. Typically, the Corporate Secretary will not forward communications that are of a personal
nature or are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of our Board, including business solicitations or
advertisements, mass mailings, job‑related inquiries, or other unsuitable communications. All communications
involving substantive accounting or auditing matters are forwarded to the Chair of the Audit Committee.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 17