Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Clarence Otis, Jr. Daniel Schulman (Lead Director)
Independent Director since: 2006 Independent Director since: 2018
Age: 68 Age: 67
Committees: Committees:
Audit Human Resources (Chair)
Finance
Human Resources
Key skills and experience: Key skills and experience:
• Leadership: Led Darden Restaurants, Inc., the largest • Leadership: Successful and dynamic leader in the fiercely
company‑owned and operated full‑service restaurant company competitive technology and e‑commerce space, with a proven
in the world, as CEO for 10 years, achieving sales growth of over track record of creating shareholder value through innovation
75% during the period. Known as a purpose‑driven and and a focus on values at numerous companies, including
values‑based leader, with Darden being recognized by Fortune PayPal, which reached approximately 430 million active
magazine for four consecutive years during his tenure as one of accounts across more than 200 markets, Priceline, and Virgin
its 100 Best Companies to Work For. Named one of the most Mobile USA.
influential directors in the board room by the National • Cybersecurity and data stewardship: Gained extensive
Association of Corporate Directors in 2019. cybersecurity and risk management experience as a director of
• Consumer/B2B/retail: Brings deep and valuable insights into Symantec Corporation, a global leader in cybersecurity, for
consumer services and retail operations gleaned from his nearly 20 years, including serving as the independent chairman
experience leading a Fortune 500 company that owned for six years.
well‑known national consumer brands including Olive Garden, • Strategic planning: Spearheaded innovation and growth at
LongHorn Steakhouse, Red Lobster and Capital Grille. Further start‑ups and established companies, including Priceline, where
consumer and retail expertise through board position at VF he grew annual revenues from $20 million to nearly $1 billion
Corporation, which owns well‑known national brands including over two years, Virgin Mobile USA, where he successfully built a
Timberland and North Face. pre‑paid cellphone business, American Express, where he
• Financial expertise: Gained substantial financial expertise expanded global mobile and online payment services, and
through, among other roles, investment banking positions of PayPal, where he achieved significant revenue growth.
increasing seniority over 12 years, the CFO role at Darden, • Technology: Acquired significant expertise in mobile
serving as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta and technology and digital innovation over a long career spanning
as trustee or director of mutual funds pursuing a wide array of the telecommunications, financial technology and
investment strategies. e‑commerce industries.
• Risk management: Acquired significant expertise with
Career highlights:
financial risk assessment and enterprise risk management
during his career in investment banking and at Darden, as well • PayPal Holdings, Inc., a leading online payments company
as through his many years of service on the Federal Reserve – President and Chief Executive Officer (2015‑2023)
Bank of Atlanta Board, the audit committees of VF Corporation
and Verizon, the Investment & Capital Markets Committee of
– President and CEO‑Designee (2014‑2015)
Travelers and as a trustee of 138 funds within the MFS Mutual • Group President of the Enterprise Group at American
Funds complex. Express Company (2010‑2014)
• President of the Prepaid Group at Sprint Nextel Corporation
Career highlights:
(2009‑2010)
• Darden Restaurants, Inc. • Founding CEO of Virgin Mobile USA, Inc. (2001‑2009)
– Chairman (2005‑2014) • President and CEO of Priceline Group, Inc.
• Various executive positions, including President of the
– Chief Executive Officer (2004‑2014)
Consumer Markets Division, at AT&T, Inc.
– Other executive positions (1995‑2014)
Other public company boards:
• Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta
(2010‑2015)
Lazard, Inc. (since February 2024)
• Investment banker and lawyer specializing in securities
Cisco Systems, Inc. (since 2023)
and finance
PayPal Holdings, Inc. (2015‑2023)
Other public company boards:
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (since 2017)
VF Corporation (since 2004)
MFS Mutual Funds complex (since 2017)
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 7