Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Additional information
Additional information about our annual meeting
Our meeting details
Date, time and virtual meeting site
Thursday, May 22, 2025
10:00 AM, Eastern Daylight Time
The meeting will be held virtually via the internet at meetnow.global/VZ2025, where you will be able to vote
electronically and submit questions during the meeting.
How to participate in the virtual Annual Meeting
Only Verizon shareholders as of the record date, March 24, 2025, may attend the Annual Meeting. You will need a
control number to gain access to the meeting. The way you obtain this control number depends on how you hold your
shares, as described below:
Registered shares. If you are a registered shareholder, your control number can be found on your proxy card, Notice
of Internet Availability, or email that you received. You do not need to register to attend the meeting.
Verizon savings plan shares. If you hold shares in a current or former Verizon savings plan, your control number can
be found on the proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability, or email that you received. You do not need to register to
attend the meeting. You may attend the virtual meeting and submit questions, but please note that, as described in
greater detail on page 70, your vote must be received before the close of business on May 19, 2025, and accordingly,
you will not be able to vote your savings plan shares at the meeting.
Street name shares. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other institution, you must register via either
of the two options below.
• Registration in advance of the Annual Meeting. To register in advance, you will need to provide your name, email
address and a legal proxy from your bank or broker reflecting your Verizon stock holdings on the record date.
Requests for registration should be directed to Computershare either by email to legalproxy@computershare.com
(forwarding the email from your broker granting you a legal proxy, or attaching an image of your legal proxy), or by
mail to Computershare, Verizon Legal Proxy, P.O. Box 43001, Providence, RI 02940‑3001. Computershare must
receive your request no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on May 19, 2025. Please include “Legal
Proxy” in the subject line of your email or request by mail. You will receive a confirmation email from
Computershare of your registration that contains a control number you can use to access the meeting.
• Registration at the Annual Meeting. We have arranged for an online registration solution to allow street name
shareholders to register at the Annual Meeting provided that their bank or broker is part of this industry solution.
We expect that the vast majority of street name shareholders will be able to fully participate using the control
number received with their voting instruction form. Please note, however, that this option is being provided as a
convenience to street name shareholders only. There is no guarantee that this option will be available for every
type of street name shareholder voting control number, and the inability of a street name shareholder to register
at the Annual Meeting using this option shall in no way impact the validity of the Annual Meeting. Please contact
your bank or broker if you wish to confirm whether they are part of this industry solution. If they are not part of this
industry solution, you will not be able to use the control number received from them to register at the Annual
Meeting and will need to register in advance as described above.
Online check‑in will start approximately 15 minutes before the meeting begins on May 22, 2025, and we encourage
you to log in early to ensure sufficient time to complete the check‑in procedures. If you need technical support to
access the meeting, please call 1‑888‑724‑2416. Technicians will be available to assist you. Technical support will be
available through the conclusion of the meeting.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 69