Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Executive compensation
Item 2: Advisory vote to approve executive compensation
Item 2: Advisory vote to approve executive compensation
The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR this
proposal.
Shareholders have strongly supported Verizon’s executive compensation program since our first annual advisory
vote on the matter in 2009. We are asking you to vote in favor of the following non‑binding resolution:
“Resolved, that the shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers,
as disclosed in Verizon’s proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the
compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion
and Analysis, the Compensation Tables, and the related narrative discussion.”
The structure of our executive compensation program for 2024 is similar to prior years, with updates to address
changes in our strategic emphasis. Our Board recommends a vote FOR this resolution because the Board believes
our program effectively:
• Encourages strong short‑term and long‑term performance;
• Aligns the executives’ long‑term interests with those of our shareholders; and
• Retains high‑performing executives.
In the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation Tables beginning on page 20 and 37, respectively,
we provide a detailed description of our executive compensation program, including our philosophy, the elements of
our program, and the compensation of our named executive officers. We encourage you to read these sections
before deciding how to vote on this proposal.
This advisory resolution, commonly known as a “say‑on‑pay” resolution, is not binding on our Board of Directors.
Nevertheless, the Board and the Human Resources Committee value shareholder feedback received through this
annual say‑on‑pay vote and our direct investor outreach program. The voting results and direct shareholder input are
carefully reviewed and considered and are an important part of the process for evaluating our executive
compensation program.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 19