Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
2024 Short‑‑Term Plan performance measures and weightings
Responsible Wireless
business service Why these performance measures?
10% revenue
The Committee selected wireless service
30%
revenue, adjusted operating income, and cash
flow from operations to reflect Verizon’s
strategic goals of encouraging profitable
2024 operations, growth and delivering best‑in‑class
performance network experiences in a cost efficient manner.
measures Consistent with prior years, the Committee also
Cash flow selected responsible business metrics to reflect
from Verizon’s commitments to promoting a culture
operations of inclusion and sustainable business practices.
30% Adjusted
operating
income
30%
Wireless service revenue Target range:
Wireless service revenue is a measure that reflects the extent to which we have been $78.3 billion to
successful in attracting and retaining customers, penetrating key markets with our
$79.4 billion
products and services and creating high‑quality growth. It also includes revenue from
our fixed wireless access product, which is an important and strategic growth driver. The
Committee views this measure as an important indicator of Verizon’s growth and
success in realizing its strategic initiatives.
Adjusted operating income Target range:
Adjusted operating income is a measure that reflects operating profitability because it $30.7 billion to
indicates how much profit we generate after subtracting operating expenses, including
$32.2 billion
depreciation and amortization and the other costs of running the business, from total
revenue. The Committee views this as an important indicator of how well our
management is growing revenue while managing operating costs. Adjusted operating
income excludes the effect of special items, which provides more comparable financial
results from period to period.
Cash flow from operations Target range:
Cash flow from operations is a measure of the cash generated from our ongoing, $34.5 billion to
regular business activities and is used to fund expansion and modernization of our
$36.5 billion
networks, service and repay external financing, pay dividends and invest in new
businesses and spectrum.
Responsible business metrics Targets: Workforce
Responsible business metrics reinforce our corporate purpose to power and empower diversity of 59.2%,
how people live, work and play. As a large, multinational company with a broad customer
diverse supplier
and employee base, we know that our operations are strengthened when we have
diverse perspectives and experiences reflected in our workforce and business partners. spend of $5.0
We are committed to reducing the environmental impact of our operations because we billion, and carbon
believe that effective emissions and energy management lowers current and future
intensity reduction
operating costs and is necessary for the transition to a low‑carbon economy. For our
2024 Short‑Term Plan, the Committee utilized responsible business metrics and targets of 16.0%
that assessed the percentage of our U.S.-based workforce that is comprised of women
and minorities (workforce diversity), the amount of our overall annual supplier spend
with, or directed to, diverse firms (diverse supplier spend) and the percentage by which
we reduce our carbon intensity – the amount of carbon our business emits divided by the
terabytes of data we transport over our networks – as compared to the prior year
(carbon intensity reduction).
26 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement