Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Is my vote confidential?
It is our policy to maintain the confidentiality of proxy cards, ballots, and voting tabulations that identify individual
shareholders, except where disclosure is required by law and in other limited circumstances.
Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?
We will report the voting results on a Current Report on Form 8‑K filed with the SEC no later than May 29, 2025. We will
also post the voting results on the Corporate Governance section of our website at
www.verizon.com/about/investors/corporate‑‑governance promptly after the meeting.
Who tabulates and certifies the vote?
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. will tabulate the vote, and independent inspectors of election will certify the results.
Proxy materials
May I receive my materials electronically?
We encourage shareholders to sign up for electronic delivery of future proxy materials.
• Registered shareholders may sign up when voting online at www.envisionreports.com/vz.
• If your shares are held by a bank, broker or other institution, follow the instructions provided by that firm.
• If you are a registered shareholder and have enrolled in Computershare’s Investor Center, you may sign up by accessing
your account at www.computershare.com/verizon and clicking on “Update Profile” and
then “Communication Preferences.”
Once you sign up for electronic delivery, you will no longer receive a printed copy of the proxy materials unless you
specifically request one. Each year you will receive an email explaining how to access the proxy materials online as
well as how to vote your shares online. If you are a registered shareholder, you may suspend electronic delivery of
the proxy materials at any time by accessing your account through Computershare’s Investor Center at
www.computershare.com/verizon and clicking on “Update Profile” and then “Communication Preferences.” If your
shares are held by a bank, broker or other institution, and you wish to suspend electronic delivery, follow the
instructions provided by that firm.
There are several shareholders at my address. Why did we receive only one
set of proxy materials?
For registered shareholders, we employ a procedure called “householding” that was approved by the SEC. This
means that we send only one notice or one proxy statement and 2024 Annual Report on Form 10‑K to any
registered shareholders sharing the same last name and home address, regardless of how many shareholders reside
at that address, unless a shareholder submits a request to Computershare to receive individual copies using one of
the methods shown under “Contacting us.”
If you would like to receive individual copies of the proxy materials, we will provide them promptly. Please send your
request to Computershare using one of the methods shown under “Contacting us.” Householding does not apply to
shareholders who have signed up for electronic delivery of proxy materials.
How can I request a single set of proxy materials for my household?
If you are a registered shareholder and you are receiving more than one set of proxy materials, please contact
Computershare by one of the methods shown under “Contacting us” to request a single set. This request will
become effective approximately 30 days after receipt and will remain in effect for future mailings unless you or
another registered shareholder within your household changes the instruction or provides Computershare with a
new mailing address.
If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or other institution, you can contact that firm to request a single set of
proxy materials from that firm.
72 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement