Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Employee health and safety. Verizon is committed to maintaining a safe workplace and environmentally responsible
work practices, and we expect our suppliers to share that commitment. The Audit Committee receives regular
briefings on health and safety matters, including incidents involving employees and suppliers and actions that
management is taking to limit these risks.
Compensation risk. The Human Resources Committee considers the impact of our executive compensation
program and the incentives created by compensation awards on Verizon’s overall risk profile. It also oversees
management’s annual assessment of compensation risk arising from Verizon’s compensation policies and practices.
This annual assessment is conducted by members of management including the Senior Vice President of Internal
Audit and the Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. The assessment includes a
review of the features and characteristics of Verizon’s compensation policies and programs, the performance
metrics under the Short- and Long‑Term Incentive Plans and the process for calculating and approving adjustments
that are part of the plan, as well as the approval processes for compensation programs and related payouts. The
assessment also reviews governance oversight at the Committee and Board level, Code of Conduct provisions and
mandatory training programs that reinforce policies that mitigate risk, and performance metrics and measurement
periods that are aligned with Verizon’s business strategy.
Based on management’s review, Verizon has concluded that our compensation policies and procedures are not
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Verizon because they are appropriately structured and
discourage employees from taking excessive risks.
Other risk related matters
‑‑
Business conduct and ethics. We are committed to operating with the highest level of integrity, responsibility and
accountability. To that end, we have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all employees, including the CEO, the
CFO and the Controller. The Code of Conduct describes each employee’s responsibility to conduct business with
the highest ethical standards and provides guidance about preventing, reporting and remediating potential
compliance violations in key areas. Verizon thoroughly investigates all claims of misconduct. Various types of cases
are reported to the Chief Compliance Officer, who discusses the most serious Code of Conduct violations with the
Audit Committee at least annually.
Directors are expected to act in the spirit of the Code of Conduct, and to comply with the specific ethical provisions
of the Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Board is strongly predisposed not to waive any of these business
conduct and ethics provisions for senior executives or Directors. In the event of an amendment or a waiver, we will
promptly disclose the Board’s action on the Corporate Governance section of our website at
www.verizon.com/about/investors/corporate‑‑governance.
Related person transactions. The Board has adopted a Related Person Transaction Policy. The Corporate
Governance and Policy Committee reviews related person transactions in accordance with SEC rules. Based on the
facts and circumstances of each case, the Committee may approve, disapprove, ratify or cancel the transaction or
recommend another course of action. In approving, disapproving, ratifying, cancelling, or making a recommendation
to management, the Committee considers facts and circumstances it deems relevant, which may include, but are not
limited to, (a) the risks, costs, and benefits to the Company, (b) whether the transaction could impair the
independence of a non‑employee Director, (c) the terms of the transaction, (d) the availability of other sources for
comparable services or products and (e) the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or
to or from employees generally. The Committee approves only those related person transactions that are in, or are
not inconsistent with, the interests of the Company and its shareholders, as the Committee determines in the good
faith exercise of its discretion. Any Committee members who are involved in a transaction under review do not
participate in the Committee’s deliberations. During 2024, there were no related person transactions required to be
disclosed in this proxy statement.
Insider trading policy. We have adopted an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale and other
disposition of the Company’s securities by Verizon Directors, officers and employees. Consistent with the Code of
Conduct, the policy prohibits trading in our securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. It also
subjects our Directors, officers and certain designated employees to additional trading restrictions. We believe that
our insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and
regulations as well as the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of this insider trading policy is filed as
an exhibit to Verizon’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
16 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement