Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Our governance framework
The membership, structure, policies and practices of our Board and its
committees promote the effective exercise of the Board’s role in the governance
Daniel Schulman
of Verizon. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide a
Lead Director
framework for the Board’s operations and address key governance practices.
The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee monitors best practices and
developments in corporate governance, considers the views of Verizon’s
shareholders, and periodically recommends changes to the Board’s policies and
practices, including the Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Directors
provide input on the operation of the Board annually, as part of the Board
assessment process, and as warranted throughout the year.
Board leadership structure
Verizon’s governance framework provides the Board with the flexibility to
select the appropriate Board leadership structure for the Company. In making Role of the Lead
this leadership structure determination, the Board considers many factors, Director
including the specific needs of the business and the long‑term interests of
• Promotes a strong Board
our shareholders.
culture, including
Given the dynamic and highly competitive environment in which Verizon encouraging and facilitating
operates, the Board believes that Verizon and our shareholders are best served active participation of all
by a Chairman who has broad and deep knowledge of our industry, providing Directors
valuable knowledge to the Board and increasing the information available to the • Approves the agenda,
Board, and who has the vision, energy and experience to position Verizon as the schedule and materials for
leader of transformational change in the communications ecosystem. Based on all Board meetings, in
these considerations, the Board has determined that, at this time, our CEO, Hans consultation with the
Vestberg, is the Director best qualified to serve in the role of Chairman. As CEO, Chairman
Mr. Vestberg also has a greater understanding of the strategies and tactics of
• Is available to advise the
the Company and can most readily identify potential opportunities
committee chairs in fulfilling
and challenges.
their designated
To maintain an appropriate level of independent oversight, checks and balances responsibilities
in its governance, and consistent with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the
• Acts as principal liaison
independent members of the Board have elected an independent Lead Director
with the Chairman
who has the responsibilities described under “Role of the Lead Director.” Daniel
• Chairs executive sessions,
Schulman currently serves as Lead Director. Mr. Schulman gained extensive risk
including those held to
management experience as a director of Symantec Corporation, a global leader
evaluate the CEO’s
in cybersecurity, for nearly 20 years, including serving as the independent
performance and
chairman for six years, and is well qualified to lead the Board in fulfilling its
compensation
oversight role.
• Chairs any meeting of the
The Lead Director and our Chairman and CEO meet and speak with each other
Board if the Chairman is
regularly about the Company’s strategy and operations and the functioning of
not present
the Board. The Lead Director provides a tangible independent source of
authority and serves as an impartial resource for the Board to express its views • Calls Board meetings and
regarding management. In addition, the Lead Director represents the Board in executive sessions as
communications with shareholders and other stakeholders regularly, and any needed
shareholder or interested party may communicate directly with • Leads the Board’s annual
the Lead Director. self‑evaluation
All Directors play an active role in overseeing Verizon’s business at both the • Oversees the process for
Board and committee level. Every Director receives the agenda for each Board CEO succession planning
meeting in advance and can request changes. In addition, all Directors have along with the Human
unrestricted access to the Chairman and the senior leadership team at all times. Resources Committee
• Acts as a primary point of
The Board believes that shareholders are best served by this current
contact for Board
leadership structure because it features an independent Lead Director who
communication with major
provides independent and objective oversight, and who can express the
shareholders and other key
Board’s positions in a forthright manner.
stakeholders, as
This structure also strengthens our independent Directors’ ability to be fully appropriate
involved in the Board’s operations and decision‑making, and to fulfill their risk
management and oversight responsibilities.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 9