Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
At the time the 2022‑2024 award was granted, the Committee provided for free cash flow to be determined on an
adjusted basis, to preserve the intended incentives by excluding the impact of certain types of events not
contemplated by our financial plan, such as significant transactions, changes in legal or regulatory policy and other
special items. In determining Verizon’s free cash flow over the performance cycle, the Committee made adjustments
to free cash flow for impacts associated with the 2024 tower transaction with Vertical Bridge and separation
payments in connection with the Voluntary Separation Program, which were not contemplated when the FCF PSU
targets were set. These adjustments are set forth in Appendix A. In accordance with this pre‑established adjustment
methodology, the Committee determined that Verizon’s cumulative free cash flow over the performance cycle was
$51.2 billion, which resulted in a vesting percentage of 0% for the FCF PSUs.
2022‑‑2024 SOR PSUs. One‑third of the PSUs awarded were eligible to vest based on Verizon’s cumulative adjusted
service and other revenue (SOR) over the 2022‑2024 performance cycle compared to the performance targets set
by the Committee at the beginning of the three‑year cycle. The following table shows the percentage of SOR PSUs
awarded that would vest based on Verizon’s cumulative adjusted SOR over the 2022‑2024 performance cycle at
different performance levels.
Verizon’s cumulative SOR1 (in billions) SOR vested percentage2
Greater than or equal to $355.2 200%
$353.6 150%
$348.1 100%
$336.7 50%
Less than $336.7 0%
1 Service and other revenue (SOR) is defined as Verizon’s cumulative revenue generated from Verizon’s wireless and wireline
businesses, excluding revenue related to wireless equipment, on a consolidated basis over the performance cycle, subject to
adjustment to eliminate the financial impact of significant transactions, changes in legal or regulatory policy and other extraordinary
items.
2 For achievement between the stated levels, vesting is determined by linear interpolation.
At the time the 2022‑2024 award was granted, the Committee provided for the SOR metric to be determined on an
adjusted basis, to preserve the intended incentives by excluding the impact of certain types of events not contemplated
by our financial plan, such as significant transactions, changes in legal or regulatory policy and other special items. The
Committee did not make any adjustments in determining Verizon’s service and other revenue over the performance
cycle. The Committee determined that Verizon’s cumulative service and other revenue over the performance cycle was
$330.8 billion, which resulted in a vesting percentage of 0% for the SOR PSUs.
Relative total shareholder return modifier. After the Committee determined the extent to which the EPS PSU, FCF
PSU and SOR PSU performance measures have been achieved, the overall PSU vesting percentage could be
increased or decreased by up to 25% depending on Verizon’s TSR position compared with the companies in the S&P
100 as constituted on the date the awards were granted. If Verizon ranked at or above the 75th percentile, 25%
would be added to the PSU vesting percentage (up to a maximum payout of 200%). If Verizon ranked at or below the
25th percentile, 25% would be subtracted from the PSU vesting percentage. If Verizon ranked at the median, there
would be no change to the PSU vesting percentage, and for ranks in between the 25th and 75th percentile, the
modifier would be determined by linear interpolation between the levels. Over the three‑year performance cycle
ending December 31, 2024, Verizon’s TSR ranked 82nd among the S&P 100 as constituted on the date the awards
were granted, resulting in 25% being subtracted from the final PSU vesting percentage.
32 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement