Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Performance target setting
The Committee takes a holistic approach to establishing performance targets under our incentive plans and ensuring that
they are aligned with Verizon’s short- and long‑term strategic goals. In establishing performance targets, the Committee
recognizes the importance of achieving an appropriate balance between rewarding executives for strong performance
over both the short- and long‑term and establishing realistic goals that continue to motivate and retain executives. As a
result, we believe that our Short‑Term and Long‑Term Plans provide for measurable, rigorous performance targets that are
attainable, but challenge executives to drive business results that generate shareholder value.
In setting the performance targets, the Committee considered the following factors:
• Verizon’s short- and long‑term strategy;
• Economic, industry and competitive environments;
• The creation of shareholder value;
• The achievement level against performance targets in the prior year;
• Financial analysts’ consensus estimates for the performance measures over future performance cycles;
• The correlation among the performance measures and considerations of how Verizon’s operational performance
will affect each measure differently; and
• With regard to the responsible business metrics in the Short‑Term Plan, Verizon’s strategic plans to promoting a
culture of inclusion and sustainable business practices.
2024 annual base salary
To determine an executive’s base salary, the Committee, with assistance from Semler Brossy, considers the pay
practices of the peer group for comparable positions; the executive’s experience, tenure, scope of responsibility and
performance; internal pay alignment; continuity planning and management development considerations; and for
newly‑hired executives, the Committee also considers the compensation required to attract the executive to the
Company. There is no specific weighting applied to any of these factors in setting annual salaries, and the process
ultimately relies on the subjective exercise of the Committee’s judgment. Taking into account these considerations, in
January 2024, the Committee approved 2024 base salary increases of 14.29% for Mr. Sampath, 10% for Mr. Malady,
7.69% for Ms. Venkatesh and 2.78% for Mr. Silliman. In addition, the Committee approved a base salary increase of
25% for Mr. Skiadas based on its assessment of the market competitiveness of his total compensation opportunity,
his tenure and experience and internal pay equity considerations. Mr. Vestberg did not receive a base salary increase
in 2024.
2024 short term incentive compensation
‑‑
The Verizon Short‑Term Plan motivates executives to achieve challenging short‑term performance targets in order to
provide the foundation for future growth. Each year, the Committee establishes the potential value of the awards
under the Short‑Term Plan, as well as the performance targets required to achieve these awards.
For the 2024 Short‑Term Plan, the Committee established a single set of performance metrics at the Verizon
corporate level, based on Verizon’s consolidated results, that apply to all executives, consistent with the 2023
Short‑Term Plan. The Committee maintained the same core design from the 2023 Short‑Term Plan, and established
three financial performance measures – wireless service revenue, cash flow from operations and adjusted operating
income – and maintained the same responsible business metrics. The three financial measures are the same as the
2023 Short‑Term Plan, except that the Committee adjusted the revenue metric to consist of wireless service
revenue instead of service and other revenue. Wireless service revenue does not include certain regulatory fees that
are outside of our control or revenue from our wireline business, and instead represents revenue from our wireless
business, which is an important driver of our growth and the focus of our investments and strategy. The Committee
also adjusted the weightings so that all three financial measures are weighted equally to focus executives on
executing on the business priorities of growing wireless service revenue, generating strong cash flow and expanding
margins. There was no change to the weighting of the responsible business metrics.
24 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement