Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Potential payments upon qualifying separation or involuntary
termination without cause
Mr. Vestberg. As CEO, Mr. Vestberg is not eligible to participate in the Senior Manager Severance Plan described below.
Mr. Vestberg is also not a party to an employment agreement with Verizon or any other agreement that would provide him
with cash severance benefits in the event his employment is involuntarily terminated by Verizon without cause.
Senior Manager Severance Plan. Verizon provides severance benefits to certain employees, including all of the
named executive officers other than the CEO, under the Senior Manager Severance Plan. Under the plan, a named
executive officer is eligible to receive severance benefits if he or she experiences a “qualifying separation” from
Verizon, which is generally defined as an involuntary termination by Verizon without cause, a voluntary termination by
the executive solely due to the executive’s refusal to accept a qualifying reclassification or relocation (as those terms
are defined in the plan) or a determination by the independent members of the Board that the named executive
officer has incurred a qualifying separation. A severance benefit, if triggered, is payable to an executive only if the
executive executes a release of claims against Verizon in the form satisfactory to Verizon and agrees not to compete
or interfere with any Verizon business for a period of one year after termination from employment and to always
protect Verizon’s trade secrets and proprietary information.
If a named executive officer incurs a qualifying separation under the plan, he or she is eligible to receive the following
benefits: (i) a lump‑sum cash separation payment equal to two times the sum of his or her base salary and target
Short‑Term Plan award opportunity; and (ii) continued medical, dental and vision coverage for two years.
In addition, if the executive’s qualifying separation occurs prior to the last day of the year, the executive will receive a
prorated Short‑Term Plan award for the year in which the separation occurs, determined based on the actual level of
achievement of the performance criteria under the Short‑Term Plan for the applicable year and payable at the time that
awards are payable to participating employees generally under the plan. To the extent that an executive also becomes
eligible for severance benefits under any outstanding agreement, plan or any other arrangement, the executive’s cash
severance payment under the Senior Manager Severance Plan will be reduced on a dollar‑for‑dollar basis by the amount
of the severance benefits payable to the executive under such other agreement, plan or arrangement.
Other benefits. Upon an involuntary termination of employment without cause, a named executive officer would also
be eligible to receive financial planning and outplacement services for one year following termination on the same
basis as provided to other senior executives. However, executives would only be entitled to receive financial planning
services if they participate in the program in the year in which their employment terminates. In addition, under the
terms of the executive life insurance plan, each named executive officer who is retirement eligible upon termination
and who continues to pay the annual premiums on the life insurance policy owned by the executive would be eligible
to receive an annual cash payment from Verizon to defray a portion of the annual premiums until the latest of the
executive’s attainment of age 60 or the completion of 5 years of plan participation. Retirement eligibility is generally
defined as having attained 75 points (age plus years of service) with at least 15 years of service, having attained age
65 and 5 years of service or having attained age 55 and 10 years of service. If the named executive officer is not
retirement eligible upon termination and has not reached plan maturity (age 60 and 5 years of plan participation)
upon termination, the executive would be eligible to receive one additional annual cash payment to defray a portion
of the annual premiums for the two years following the year in which the executive’s termination occurs. If the named
executive officer is retirement eligible upon termination and has achieved plan maturity upon his or her termination,
the executive would not be entitled to any additional cash payment from Verizon.
Estimated payments. The following table shows Verizon’s estimate of the amount of benefits the named executive
officers would have been entitled to receive had their employment been involuntarily terminated without cause on the
last business day of 2024 or had they incurred a qualifying separation under the Senior Manager Severance Plan.
46 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement