Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Wireless service revenue metric
One‑third of the 2024 PSUs will vest based on Verizon’s cumulative wireless service revenue (WSR PSUs). The
percentage of the WSR PSUs awarded for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle that will vest is based on the extent to
which Verizon’s cumulative wireless service revenue over the performance cycle meets or exceeds the cumulative
wireless service revenue performance levels set by the Committee at the beginning of the performance cycle.
Wireless service revenue is defined as Verizon’s cumulative revenue generated from access to and usage of
Verizon’s wireless network, excluding revenue related to wireless equipment, on a consolidated basis over the
performance cycle, subject to adjustment to eliminate the financial impact of significant transactions, changes in
legal or regulatory policy and other extraordinary items.
The cumulative wireless service revenue target for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle was set at a level reflective of
our three‑year strategic plan, which the Committee believes is attainable, but challenging in light of the business
environment. The number of WSR PSUs that will vest ranges from 0%, if actual performance is below the threshold
level, to 200%, if actual performance is at or above the maximum cumulative wireless service revenue level. The
number of WSR PSUs that will vest in‑between identified performance levels is determined by linear interpolation
between vesting percentage levels.
Total shareholder return modifier
After the Committee determines the extent to which the EPS PSU, FCF PSU and WSR PSU performance measures
have been achieved, the overall PSU vesting percentage may be increased or decreased by up to 25% depending on
Verizon’s TSR position compared with the companies in the S&P 100 as constituted on the date the awards were
granted. If Verizon ranks at or above the 75th percentile, 25% will be added to the PSU vesting percentage (up to a
maximum payout of 200%). If Verizon ranks at or below the 25th percentile, 25% will be subtracted from the PSU
vesting percentage. If Verizon ranks at the median, there will be no change to the PSU vesting percentage, and for
ranks in between the 25th and 75th percentile, the modifier will be determined by linear interpolation between
the levels.
Why these performance measures?
The Committee selected adjusted EPS, free cash flow and wireless service revenue to focus our executives
on our long‑term operational goals, with cumulative adjusted EPS focusing on our profitability, cumulative
free cash flow focusing on our ability to generate cash from operations and cumulative wireless service
revenue focusing on our ability to be successful in attracting and retaining customers, penetrating key
markets with our products and services and creating high‑quality growth. The TSR modifier is a valuable
indicator of our success because it measures our performance in returning value to our shareholders in
comparison to alternative investments our shareholders could have made. For purposes of measuring our
TSR positioning, the Committee utilizes the companies in the S&P 100 index because the Committee
believes that it balances having companies comparable to Verizon’s size in the comparator group with
having a large enough number of companies to ensure that no one company overly impacts the outcomes
in a given year and, further, that the S&P 100 is a recognized index, which is easy for shareholders and
employees to track and understand.
30 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement