Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Each of the named executive officers other than Long-Term Incentive Program mix
Mr. Vestberg, received 60% of his or her 2024 Long‑Term
Plan award in the form of PSUs and 40% in the form of 100
RSUs, consistent with past practice, which the Committee
believes incentivizes our executives to focus on our
33% RSUs
long‑term operational goals and to deliver TSR 80 40% RSUs
performance, as well as encourages retention among our
highly‑qualified team. Consistent with 2023, Mr. Vestberg
received 67% of his 2024 Long‑Term Plan award in the
60
form of PSUs and 33% in the form of RSUs, which further
emphasizes the importance of Mr. Vestberg delivering on
our long‑term operational goals and TSR performance.
One‑third of the 2024 PSUs is eligible to vest based on 40
Verizon’s cumulative adjusted EPS, one‑third is eligible to 67% PSUs
60% PSUs
vest based on Verizon’s cumulative free cash flow and
one‑third is eligible to vest based on Verizon’s cumulative 20
wireless service revenue. The number of PSUs that will
ultimately vest may be decreased or increased by up to
25% depending on Verizon’s TSR position at the end of the
0
three‑year period compared with the companies in the S&P
CEO Other named
100 as constituted on the date the awards were granted. executive o cers
Terms of 2024 PSU awards
Adjusted earnings per share metric
One‑third of the 2024 PSUs will vest based on Verizon’s cumulative adjusted earnings per share (EPS PSUs). The
percentage of the EPS PSUs awarded for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle that will vest is based on the extent to
which Verizon’s cumulative adjusted EPS over the performance cycle meets or exceeds the cumulative adjusted EPS
performance levels set by the Committee at the beginning of the performance cycle. Adjusted EPS is defined as
Verizon’s cumulative earnings per share over the three‑year performance period, adjusted to exclude the impact of
special items, including the benefit of any repurchases of Verizon’s common stock under a share buyback program, and
is subject to adjustment to eliminate the financial impact of significant transactions, changes in legal or regulatory policy
and other extraordinary items.
The cumulative adjusted EPS target for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle was set at a level reflective of our
three‑year strategic plan, which the Committee believes is attainable, but challenging in light of the business
environment. The number of EPS PSUs that will vest ranges from 0%, if actual performance is below the threshold
level, to 200%, if actual performance is at or above the maximum cumulative EPS level. The number of EPS PSUs
that will vest in‑between identified performance levels is determined by linear interpolation between vesting
percentage levels.
Free cash flow metric
One‑third of the 2024 PSUs will vest based on Verizon’s cumulative free cash flow (FCF PSUs). The percentage of
the FCF PSUs awarded for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle that will vest is based on the extent to which Verizon’s
cumulative free cash flow over the performance cycle meets or exceeds the cumulative free cash flow performance
levels set by the Committee at the beginning of the performance cycle. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting
capital expenditures from the total of cash flow from operations and is subject to adjustment to eliminate the
financial impact of significant transactions, changes in legal or regulatory policy and other extraordinary items.
The cumulative free cash flow target for the 2024‑2026 performance cycle was set at a level reflective of our
three‑year strategic plan, which the Committee believes is attainable, but challenging in light of the business
environment. The number of FCF PSUs that will vest ranges from 0%, if actual performance is below the threshold
level, to 200%, if actual performance is at or above the maximum cumulative free cash flow level. The number of FCF
PSUs that will vest in‑between identified performance levels is determined by linear interpolation between vesting
percentage levels.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 29