Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Potential payments upon change in control
Verizon does not maintain any plans or arrangements that provide for any named executive officer to receive cash
severance or any other cash payments in connection with a change in control of Verizon. If the named executive
officer’s employment terminates in connection with or following a change in control, he or she would be eligible for
the same benefits, if any, that would become payable to the executive upon his or her termination under the
circumstances as described above. Under the Short‑Term Plan, if a change in control occurs, all outstanding awards
will vest and become payable on the regularly scheduled payment date.
Treatment of equity awards
As is the case for all participants under the terms of the Long‑Term Plan and the applicable award agreements, upon death,
disability or qualifying retirement, each named executive officer’s then unvested RSUs will vest and be payable on the
regularly scheduled payment dates and each named executive officer’s then unvested PSUs will vest and be payable on the
regularly scheduled payment date after the end of the applicable award cycle, but only if and to the extent that the applicable
performance criteria for the award are achieved at the end of the applicable award cycle. A qualifying retirement for
purposes of the Long‑Term Plan generally means to retire after having attained at least 15 years of vesting service (as
defined under the applicable Verizon tax‑qualified savings plan) and a combination of age and years of vesting service that
equals or exceeds 75, 65 years of age and 5 years of vesting service, or starting with the 2022 awards, 55 years of age and
10 years of vesting service. Commencing with the 2022 awards, participants, including named executive officers, who
voluntarily retire having attained age 55 and 5 years of service but do not meet the eligibility requirements for a qualifying
retirement (referred to as an early retirement) will vest in a prorated portion of the number of RSUs and PSUs awarded (and
accrued dividends) based on the number of days worked during the performance period, and the remainder of the RSUs and
PSUs will be forfeited. Any such prorated portion of the PSUs (and accrued dividends) will be payable only if and to the
extent that the applicable performance criteria for the award are achieved at the end of the applicable award cycle, and will
be payable on the regularly scheduled payment date after the end of the applicable award cycle. As of December 31, 2024,
Messrs. Skiadas and Malady and Ms. Venkatesh were eligible for a qualifying retirement under the Long‑Term Plan,
Mr. Vestberg was eligible for early retirement vesting under the terms of his 2022, 2023 and 2024 PSU and RSU awards,
and Mr. Sampath was not eligible for a qualifying retirement or early retirement under the Long‑Term Plan.
If a named executive officer’s employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without cause, the named executive
officer’s then unvested RSUs and PSUs will vest only as to a prorated portion of the number of RSUs and PSUs awarded
(and accrued dividends) based on the number of days worked during the performance period, and the remainder of the
RSUs and PSUs will be forfeited. Any such prorated portion of the PSUs (and accrued dividends) will be payable only if and
to the extent that the applicable performance criteria for the award are achieved at the end of the applicable award cycle,
and will be payable on the regularly scheduled payment date after the end of the applicable award cycle.
The payment of PSU and RSU awards under the Long‑Term Plan following an involuntary termination of employment without
cause, death, disability or qualifying or early retirement is conditioned on the participant executing a release of claims against
Verizon in the form satisfactory to Verizon. The grant of each award is conditioned on the participant’s agreement to certain
restrictive covenants including an agreement not to compete or interfere with any Verizon business for a period of one year
after termination from employment (two years for the CEO) and to always protect Verizon’s trade secrets and proprietary
information.
In addition, under the terms of the Long‑Term Plan and the applicable award agreements, if, in the 12 months following a
change in control of Verizon, a participant’s employment is involuntarily terminated without cause, all then‑unvested RSUs will
vest and be payable on the regularly scheduled payment dates and all then‑unvested PSUs will vest at target level
performance and be payable on the regularly scheduled payment date after the end of the applicable award cycle.
Under the Long‑Term Plan, a change in control of Verizon is generally defined as the occurrence of any of the following:
• Any person becomes a beneficial owner of shares representing 20% or more of Verizon’s outstanding
voting stock;
• Verizon consummates a merger, consolidation, reorganization or any other business combination; or
• The Board adopts resolutions authorizing the liquidation or dissolution, or sale of all or substantially all of the
assets, of Verizon.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 49