Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Audit Committee Report
In the performance of our oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with
management and the independent registered public accounting firm Verizon’s audited financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2024, and the effectiveness of Verizon’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2024.
The Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be
discussed by the SEC, the NYSE, Nasdaq, and PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communications with
Audit Committees.
The Committee has received written disclosures and a letter from the independent registered public accounting firm
consistent with applicable Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requirements for independent registered
public accounting firm communications with audit committees concerning independence, and has discussed with the
independent registered public accounting firm its independence.
The Committee discussed with the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm
the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Committee met with the internal auditors and the
independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their
examinations, their evaluations of Verizon’s internal controls, and the overall quality of Verizon’s financial reporting.
The Committee has assessed and discussed with management Verizon’s significant business risk exposures and
overseen management’s programs and policies to monitor, assess and manage such exposures. The Committee also
periodically monitored and evaluated the primary risks associated with particular business units and functions.
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, in reliance on management and the independent registered
public accounting firm, and subject to the limitations of our role, the Committee recommended to the Board of
Directors, and the Board has approved, the inclusion of the financial statements referred to above in Verizon’s Annual
Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The Committee reviewed the independent registered public accounting firm’s performance, qualifications and tenure,
the qualifications of the lead engagement partner, management’s recommendation regarding retention of the firm,
and considerations related to audit firm rotation, as discussed further on page 57. Based on that review, the
Committee reappointed the independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2025.
Respectfully submitted,
The Audit Committee
Roxanne Austin, Chair
Shellye Archambeau
Clarence Otis, Jr.
March 18, 2025
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 59