Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Compensation discussion and analysis
2024
Named
Hans Anthony Sowmyanarayan Kyle Vandana Craig
executive
Vestberg Skiadas Sampath Malady Venkatesh Silliman*
officers Chairman and Executive Vice Executive Vice Executive Vice Executive Vice Former Executive
Chief Executive President and President and President and President – Public Vice President
Officer Chief Financial Group CEO – Group CEO – Policy and Chief and President –
Officer Verizon Consumer Verizon Business Legal Officer Verizon Global
Services
* Mr. Silliman stepped down as Executive Vice President and President – Verizon Global Services on July 1, 2024 and remained as a
strategic advisor to Verizon until his separation from Verizon on December 20, 2024.
Corporate Governance
Human Resources Committee. The Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the design
and implementation of the compensation program for our named executive officers, as well as Verizon’s management
succession planning, talent development and human capital management initiatives. The CEO’s compensation is
determined by the independent members of the Board after receiving the Committee’s recommendation. References
to the Committee in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with respect to the CEO’s compensation reflect that
process.
Management. The Committee consults with the Chief Human Resources Officer about the design, administration
and operation of the compensation program. The Committee has delegated administrative responsibility for
implementing its decisions on compensation and benefits matters to the Chief Human Resources Officer, who
reports to the Committee on the actions taken under this delegation.
The Committee seeks the CEO’s views on whether the existing compensation policies and practices continue to
support Verizon’s business and performance objectives, utilize appropriate performance targets, and appropriately
reward the contributions of the other named executive officers. While the Committee values the CEO’s insight,
ultimately the Committee makes an independent determination on all matters related to the compensation of the
named executive officers.
Independent compensation consultant. The Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate a
compensation consultant and to approve all terms of the engagement, including fees. The Committee retained
Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC as its compensation consultant (Semler Brossy). Semler Brossy advises the
Committee on all matters related to the compensation of our named executive officers and our non‑employee
Directors. Semler Brossy’s advisory services include providing current benchmarking data for our peer group and
other relevant market data in our industry and helping the Committee interpret this data, as well as data provided by
the Company. Semler Brossy participates in Committee meetings and confers regularly with the Committee in
executive session at those meetings.
Committee policy prohibits Semler Brossy from doing any work for the Company during its engagement, and Semler
Brossy did not perform work for the Company in 2024. The Committee made assessments of Semler Brossy under
SEC rules and NYSE and Nasdaq listing standards and concluded that Semler Brossy was independent, and that its
work in 2024 for the Committee did not raise any conflicts of interest.
20 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement