THE FOLLOWING DEFINITIONS APPLY TO THESE TERMS AS USED THROUGHOUT THIS RELEASE
Constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation and are calculated by translating current year results at
prior year average exchange rates. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation,
impairment and other charges and gains, as well as material regulatory and other income tax impacts, and bases incentive compensation
plans on these results because the Company believes this better represents underlying business trends.
Comparable sales and comparable guest counts are compared to the same period in the prior year and represent sales and
transactions, respectively, at all restaurants, whether owned and operated by the Company or by franchisees, in operation at least thirteen
months including those temporarily closed. Some of the reasons restaurants may be temporarily closed include reimaging or remodeling,
rebuilding, road construction, natural disasters, pandemics and acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities. Comparable sales exclude the
impact of currency translation and the sales of any market considered hyperinflationary (generally identified as those markets whose
cumulative inflation rate over a three-year period exceeds 100%), which management believes more accurately reflects the underlying
business trends. Comparable sales are driven by changes in guest counts and average check, the latter of which is affected by changes in
pricing and product mix.
Systemwide sales include sales at all restaurants, whether owned and operated by the Company or by franchisees. Systemwide sales
to loyalty members are comprised of all sales to customers who self-identify as a loyalty member when transacting with both Company-
owned and operated and franchised restaurants. Systemwide sales to loyalty members are measured across 60 markets with loyalty
programs. Systemwide sales to loyalty members represents an aggregation of the prior four quarters of sales to loyalty members active in
the last 90 days of the respective quarter. While franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, management believes the
information is important in understanding the Company's financial performance because these sales are the basis on which the Company
calculates and records franchised revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The Company's revenues
consist of sales by Company-owned and operated restaurants and fees from franchised restaurants operated by conventional franchisees,
developmental licensees and affiliates. Changes in Systemwide sales are primarily driven by comparable sales and net restaurant unit
expansion.
Free cash flow, defined as cash provided by operations less capital expenditures, and free cash flow conversion rate, defined as free
cash flow divided by net income, are measures reviewed by management in order to evaluate the Company’s ability to convert net profits
into cash resources, after reinvesting in the core business, that can be used to pursue opportunities to enhance shareholder value.
RELATED COMMUNICATIONS
This press release should be read in conjunction with Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filing for supplemental information
related to the Company's results for the quarter and six months ended June 30, 2025.
McDonald’s Corporation will broadcast its investor earnings conference call live over the Internet at 7:30 a.m. (Central Time) on
August 6, 2025. A link to the live webcast will be available at www.investor.mcdonalds.com. There will also be an archived webcast
available for a limited time thereafter.
UPCOMING COMMUNICATIONS
For important news and information regarding McDonald's, including the timing of future investor conferences and earnings calls,
visit the Investor Relations section of the Company's Internet home page at www.investor.mcdonalds.com. McDonald's uses this website
as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public
information.
ABOUT McDONALD’S
McDonald’s is the world’s leading global foodservice retailer with over 44,000 locations in over 100 countries. Approximately 95%
of McDonald’s restaurants worldwide are owned and operated by independent local business owners.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This release contains certain forward-looking statements, which reflect management's expectations regarding future events and
operating performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations are detailed in the Company’s filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including the risk factors discussed in Exhibit 99.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filing on August 6, 2025. The
Company undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements, except as may otherwise be required by law.
4