Our Joseph Creed is Chief Executive Officer Denise C. Johnson is a Group President
of Caterpillar Inc. and a member of its board of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Caterpillar’s
Leadership of directors. As CEO, Creed leads a team of nearly Resource Industries segment, which includes
113,000 employees across 63 countries. Creed oversees Integrated Components and Solutions Division,
the execution of the company’s strategy for profitable RI Operations and Products Division, Strategic
growth with a focus on operational excellence, Procurement & Planning Division and the RI Sales,
expanded offerings, services and sustainability. Services and Technology Division.
In his nearly 30 years across multiple divisions
of the corporation, Creed has developed a deep Jason E. Kaiser is a Group President of Caterpillar Inc.
understanding of the diverse operations and strategic with responsibility for Caterpillar’s Energy
opportunities crucial to enhancing Caterpillar’s global & Transportation, which includes Progress Rail,
leadership. As the company embarks on its second Solar Turbines, Large Power Systems, Industrial Power
century, he is dedicated to honoring the company’s rich Systems, Remanufacturing, Electric Power, Oil & Gas
legacy, leveraging the technologies that will drive and Marine, and Electrification & Advanced Power
its future and focusing on its greatest competitive Solutions divisions.
advantage, Caterpillar’s people.
Derek Owens is Chief Legal Officer and General
Andrew R.J. Bonfield is Chief Financial Officer Counsel of Caterpillar Inc., responsible for Law,
of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Finance Security & Public Policy, which includes Global Legal
Investor Relations Services, Financial Products and Enterprise Strategy Services, Compliance, Global Trade, Global Security,
and Information Technology. Andrew joined and Global Government and Corporate Affairs.
Team
Caterpillar on September 1, 2018 and brings more
than three decades of financial expertise to the role. Christy Pambianchi is Chief Human Resources Officer
Alex Kapper: Vice President, Investor Relations of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for all aspects
Bob De Lange is a Group President of Caterpillar Inc. of human capital, including talent acquisition and
kapper_alex@cat.com
with leadership responsibility for Services, management, learning and development, culture, total
Rob Rengel: Senior Director, Investor Relations
Distribution & Digital, which includes these divisions: rewards, HR operations, employee and labor relations,
rengel_rob@cat.com
Americas Distribution, Asia Pacific Distribution; and corporate environmental, health and safety.
Europe Africa Middle East Eurasia Distribution;
Cat Digital and Product Support & Logistics. Jim Umpleby is executive chairman of the board
of directors of Caterpillar Inc. He served as Caterpillar’s
investor Relations
Anthony Fassino is a Group President CEO beginning January 1, 2017, and was elected
Email: External_investors@cat.com
of Caterpillar Inc. with responsibility for Caterpillar’s Chairman of the Board in 2018. Umpleby led the
Phone Number: +1 309-675-4549
Construction Industries segment, which includes company as Chairman and CEO through April 30, 2025,
5205 N. O’Connor Blvd., Suite 100
the Earthmoving, Excavation, Building Construction before becoming executive chairman on May 1, 2025.
Irving, TX 75039
Products, China Operations, Global Construction Prior to becoming CEO, he led Caterpillar’s Energy
& Infrastructure, Construction Industries Services, & Transportation business segment as group president
Cat Rental & Used divisions, as well as and previously served as president of Solar Turbines
the Construction Industries Supply Management group. and vice president of Caterpillar.
CATERPILLAR INC. 2024 INVESTOR PRESENTATION 21