Letter from our Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
August 29, 2025
Fellow Procter & Gamble Shareholders:
As always, I want to thank you for your investment in P&G and for your
continuing engagement with our Company. As Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer, I am pleased to share some perspective on
the last fiscal year and our outlook for the future.
In FY 2024-25, execution of our integrated strategy enabled your
Company to deliver continued organic sales and core earnings-per-share
growth and to return significant cash to shareowners despite volatile
macroeconomic, geopolitical, and consumer dynamics. Our results for
the year, which you can read more about in our 2025 Annual Report,
continue to demonstrate the importance of our strategy, which is
focused on:
• a portfolio of daily-use products where performance drives brand
choice;
• superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail
execution, and value;
“Our strategic choices
• productivity to fuel growth and value creation;
reinforce and build on • constructive disruption to extend our competitive advantage;
• all enabled by an empowered, agile, and accountable organization.
each other, and the
Our strategic choices reinforce and build on each other, and the
advantage comes
advantage comes when all are executed with excellence at the same
time.
when all are executed
We continue to strengthen this strategy by placing additional focus on
with excellence at the
four areas—supply, environmental sustainability, digital acumen, and a
same time.” superior employee value equation. These are not new or separate
strategies. They simply enhance our ability to execute our integrated
strategy with excellence.
In addition, this past fiscal year, we announced a restructuring program
to strengthen the execution of our strategy. There are three main areas
of focus:
• Portfolio: We will make some strategic exits in categories, brands,
and product forms in individual markets. This may also include
Portfolio some brand divestitures.
performance drives
brand choice • Supply Chain: Our portfolio moves will enable us to make related
interventions in our supply chain, driving efficiencies, faster
Organization Integrated Superiority innovation, cost reduction, and even more reliable and resilient
empowered, agile Growth to win with supply.
accountable Strategy consumers
• Organization Design: We will make changes to ensure an even
more agile, empowered, and accountable organization by making
roles broader, teams smaller, and work more fulfilling and more
Constructive Productivity efficient, leveraging digitization and automation.
Disruption to fuel
across our business investments