EXHIBIT C
8.4 Exercise of SAR. An SAR shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions
and conditions as the Committee shall in each instance approve, which terms and restrictions need not be the
same for each grant or for each Participant, except that no SAR shall be exercisable within one (1) year from its
Grant Date, except in the case of the death of the Participant.
8.5 Notice of Exercise. An SAR shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the
Company or an agent designated by the Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee, or by
complying with any alternative procedures that may be authorized by the Committee, setting forth the number of
Shares with respect to which the SAR is to be exercised.
8.6 Settlement of SARs. Upon the exercise of an SAR, pursuant to a notice of exercise properly
completed and submitted to the Company in accordance with Section 8.5, a Participant shall be entitled to
receive payment from the Company in an amount equal to the product of (a) and (b) below:
(a) The excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the SAR
Price.
(b) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
Payment shall be made in cash, Shares or a combination thereof as provided for under the applicable
Award Agreement. In the case of the redemption of SARs by a Subsidiary of the Company not located in the
United States, the redemption differential shall be calculated in United States dollars and converted to the
appropriate local currency on the exercise date.
ARTICLE 9 RESTRICTED STOCK
9.1 Grant of Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock may be granted to Participants in such number,
and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion. Each grant of Restricted Stock shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
9.2 Nature of Restrictions. Each grant of Restricted Stock shall be subject to a Period of Restriction
that shall lapse upon the satisfaction of such conditions and restrictions as are determined by the Committee in
its sole discretion and set forth in an applicable Award Agreement. Such conditions or restrictions may include,
without limitation, one or more of the following:
(a) Restrictions based upon the achievement of specific performance goals; and/or
(b) Time-based restrictions.
9.3 Voting and Dividend Rights. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in
a Participant’s applicable Award Agreement, to the extent permitted or required by law, as determined by the
Committee, a Participant holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall be granted the right to
exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares and the right to receive dividends declared on those Shares
during the Period of Restriction provided, however, that in the case of an Award as to which vesting depends upon
the satisfaction of one or more performance conditions, such dividends shall be subject to the same performance
conditions as the underlying Award.
ARTICLE 10 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
10.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Participants in such
number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee
in its sole discretion. A grant of a Restricted Stock Unit or Restricted Stock Units shall not represent the grant of
Shares but shall represent a promise to deliver a corresponding number of Shares or the value of each Share
based upon the completion of service, performance conditions, or such other terms and conditions as specified in
the applicable Award Agreement over the Period of Restriction. Each grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be
evidenced by an Award Agreement.
2025 Proxy Statement C-11