COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Long-Term Incentives
The majority of the NEOs’ total compensation is delivered through two long-term incentives tied to sustained
Company performance: the Performance Stock Program (“PSP”) and the Long-Term Incentive Program (“LTIP”).
The C&LD Committee uses competitive market data to set total long-term compensation targets considering the
median total long-term target compensation of comparable positions in the compensation peer group, regressed
for revenue size. The CEO recommends NEO grants to the C&LD Committee based on benchmarked long-term
compensation targets, adjusted for business results and individual contributions attributable to each NEO,
including that individual’s leadership skills. These recommendations can be up to 50% above or 50% below the
benchmarked target for each level and role.
The C&LD Committee retains full authority to accept, modify, or reject these recommendations. In exceptional
cases, no grant will be awarded. One half of each NEO’s annual long-term compensation is allocated to PSP
through an initial Performance Stock Unit (“PSU”) grant as described below. The other half is an LTIP grant.
PERFORMANCE STOCK PROGRAM
The PSP aligns the interests of the NEOs with those of shareholders by encouraging NEOs to focus on the aspects
of the long-term performance of the Company that create shareholder value. In the first year of each three-year
performance period, the C&LD Committee grants PSUs to each NEO. The number of PSUs that vest at the end of
the performance period will depend on Company results against predetermined performance goals over the
three-year period. The C&LD Committee sets targets at the beginning of each performance period for the
following categories (“Performance Categories”):
Goal What It Measures Purpose of Measure
%03
dethgieW
hcaE
3-year compounded organic sales
Rewards strong organic sales growth
Relative Organic Sales Growth growth relative to the competitive
relative to peers
peer group
3-year compounded core earnings per Rewards meeting / exceeding core
Core EPS Growth
share growth EPS growth target
%02
dethgieW
hcaE
Constant Currency Core Before-Tax 3-year core before-tax profit excluding Rewards meeting / exceeding
Operating Profit Growth the impact of foreign exchange operating profit growth target
Rewards effective conversion of
3-year average adjusted free cash flow
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity earnings into cash to enable strong
productivity
cash return to shareholders
3-year Total Shareholder Return Increases payouts for top quartile
Relative TSR Multiplier relative to competitive industry peer performance and reduces payouts for
group bottom quartile performance
The Core EPS Growth target for year one of the PSP program is typically linked to the external financial guidance
provided at the beginning of the fiscal year. The Core EPS Growth targets for years two and three are based on our
longer-term expected growth rates. These targets include the best estimates of the impact of our share
repurchase program. The C&LD Committee then assigns a minimum and maximum performance goal for each
Performance Category. At the end of the three-year performance period, each Performance Category will have a
Performance Factor between 0% and 200%, depending on results achieved in that category. The Performance
Factor will be 100% if the business results for the category are at target. Business results falling between the
minimum and maximum performance goals are determined via linear interpolation. We believe that using a
sliding scale to reward performance, as opposed to “all or nothing” goals, discourages participants from taking
unnecessary risks to earn payments under the program. To determine the vested PSUs at the end of each three-
year performance period, the C&LD Committee multiplies the initial PSU grant (plus compounded dividend
equivalents) by the weighted average of the Performance Factors and the Relative TSR Multiplier, which is set at
125% for results in the top quartile of our peer set and 75% for results in the bottom quartile.
47 The Procter & Gamble Company