ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Our Director Nominees’ Skills, Experiences, and Backgrounds
Marketing
Directors with experience identifying, developing, and marketing new products, as well as identifying new areas for
existing products, can positively impact the Company’s results, including by helping the Company understand and
anticipate evolving marketing platforms and practices.
Consumer Industry/Retail
Directors with experience serving consumers, particularly in the areas of marketing and selling products or services,
provide valuable insights to the Company. They understand consumer needs, recognize products and marketing
campaigns that might resonate with consumers, and identify potential changes in consumer trends and buying
habits.
Global
Directors who have worked in global companies or whose work has encompassed significant experience in or
interactions with markets outside of the United States bring valuable knowledge to the Company, including
exposure to different cultural perspectives and practices, and provide critical insight in light of the Company’s global
scope and significant international revenues.
Corporate Governance
Directors with experience in corporate governance, such as service on boards and board committees, or as
governance executives of other large public companies, are familiar with the dynamics and operation of a board of
directors and the impact that governance policies have on the Company. This experience supports the Company’s
goals of strong Board and management accountability, transparency, and protection of shareholder interests.
Leadership/Strategy/Risk Management
Directors with significant leadership experience over an extended period, including as chief executive officers,
provide the Company with unique insights. These individuals demonstrate a practical understanding of how large
organizations operate, the importance of talent management, and the complex considerations in setting employee
and executive compensation. They understand strategy, productivity, and risk management, and how these factors
impact the Company’s operations and controls. Further, their own significant leadership skills and experiences
enable them to help identify and develop other successful leaders.
Digital/Technology/Innovation
Directors with digital and technology experience help the Company understand the evolution of fast-paced
technology, assess and respond to potential cybersecurity challenges and risks, and improve efficiency and
productivity through oversight of the selection and implementation of new technologies to enhance business
operations, marketing, and selling. Additionally, innovation is one of the Company’s core strengths and is critical in
helping us translate our consumer understanding into new and successful products. Directors with an
understanding of innovation help the Company focus its efforts in this important area and track progress against
strategic goals and benchmarks.
Finance
Directors with an understanding of accounting and financial reporting processes, particularly in large, global
businesses, provide an important oversight role. The Company employs several financial targets to measure its
performance, and accurate financial reporting is critical to the Company’s legal compliance and overall success.
Directors with financial experience are essential for ensuring effective oversight of the Company’s financial measures
and processes.
Government/Regulatory/Public Policy
Directors with government and public policy experience, whether as members of the government or through
extensive interactions with government leaders, policy makers, and regulatory agencies, can recognize, identify, and
understand the key issues the Company faces in a global economy increasingly affected by the role of governments
and regulators. This experience is particularly helpful during times of increased volatility, activity, and uncertainty in
global politics and economics.
Environmental Sustainability
Directors who have particular experience leading or overseeing corporate environmental sustainability efforts can
provide unique insights and perspectives. These Directors, through oversight of environmental strategy and
programs, engagement in strategic partnerships, or broader community impact work, understand the importance
of ensuring our sustainability efforts across areas like climate, water, waste, nature, and responsible sourcing remain
integrated into our strategy for long-term growth and value creation.
9 The Procter & Gamble Company