VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION
10.
WILL I BE ABLE TO ASK QUESTIONS AND PARTICIPATE IN THE VIRTUAL
ANNUAL MEETING?
Shareholders of record and proxy holders who provide their valid 16-digit control number will be able to
participate in the annual meeting by asking questions and voting their shares as outlined above.
To submit questions during the meeting, shareholders may log in to the virtual meeting website with
their 16-digit control number and type the question into the “Ask a Question” field on the meeting
platform, provide the required information, and click “Submit.”
Only shareholders with a valid control number will be allowed to ask questions. Questions pertinent to
meeting matters will be answered during the meeting as time allows. If we receive substantially similar
written questions, we may group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid
repetition and allow time for additional question topics. If we are unable to respond to a shareholder’s
properly submitted question due to time constraints, we will respond directly to that shareholder using
the contact information provided.
Additional information regarding the rules and procedures for participating in the virtual annual
meeting will be provided in our meeting rules of conduct, which shareholders can view during the
meeting on the meeting platform.
11.
WILL I BE ABLE TO ASK QUESTIONS IN ADVANCE OF THE MEETING?
Shareholders of record and proxy holders who provide their valid 16-digit control number will be able to
submit questions in advance of the annual meeting via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com from
August 29, 2025 through 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on Friday, October 3, 2025.
Only shareholders with a valid control number will be allowed to ask questions. Questions pertinent to
meeting matters will be answered during the meeting as time allows. If we receive substantially similar
written questions, we may group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid
repetition and allow time for additional question topics. If we are unable to respond to a shareholder’s
properly submitted question due to time constraints, we will respond directly to that shareholder using
the contact information provided.
12.
WHAT IS THE RECORD DATE?
August 15, 2025, is the record date for the meeting. This means that owners of Procter & Gamble stock at
the close of business on that date are entitled to:
• receive notice of the meeting; and
• vote at the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
13.
HOW IS P&G DISTRIBUTING PROXY MATERIALS?
On or about August 29, 2025, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the
“Notice”) to shareholders of record as of August 15, 2025, and we posted our proxy materials on the
website referenced in the Notice, www.proxyvote.com. As more fully described in the Notice,
shareholders may choose to access our proxy materials at www.proxyvote.com or may request a printed
set of our proxy materials. In addition, the Notice and website provide information regarding how
shareholders may request to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on
an ongoing basis. Those who previously requested printed proxy materials or electronic materials on an
ongoing basis will receive those materials as requested.
2025 Proxy Statement 100