BOARD PROPOSALS
Board Proposals
ITEM 1.
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
See pages 7-17 of this proxy statement.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR each of the Director nominees.
ITEM 2.
RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of the
independent external audit firm retained to audit the Company’s financial statements. In order to assure
continuing audit independence and objectivity, the Audit Committee will periodically consider whether there
should be a rotation of the independent external audit firm. In accordance with the SEC-mandated rotation of the
audit firm’s lead engagement partner, the Audit Committee is also involved in the selection of the external audit
firm’s lead engagement partner.
The Audit Committee selected Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public
accounting firm to perform the audit of our financial statements and our internal controls over financial reporting
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. Deloitte & Touche LLP was our independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. The members of the Audit Committee and Board believe that the
retention of Deloitte & Touche LLP to serve as the Company’s independent external auditor is in the best interest
of the Company and its shareholders. In the course of these reviews, the Audit Committee considers, among other
things: external auditor capability; effectiveness and efficiency of audit services; results from periodic
management and Audit Committee performance assessments; and appropriateness of fees in the context of
audit scope. The Audit Committee also reviews and approves non-audit fees.
Deloitte & Touche LLP representatives are expected to attend the 2025 annual meeting. They will have an opportunity
to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to appropriate shareholder questions.
We are asking our shareholders to ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm. Although ratification is not required by the Company’s Code of Regulations, the By Laws of
the Board of Directors, or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP to our
shareholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. The Board will take into consideration the
shareholder vote, but the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may retain Deloitte & Touche LLP or select a different
independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change
would be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the following resolution:
RESOLVED, That action by the Audit Committee appointing Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm to conduct the annual audit of the financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 is hereby ratified, confirmed, and
approved.
2025 Proxy Statement 86