PROXY SUMMARY
STRONG GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
As discussed more fully in the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement, we have best-in-class
governance practices, including:
Annual Election of Directors Annual assessments of Board, Committees, and
Chairman
Executive sessions at each regular Board meeting Active and autonomous Lead Director
Independent Board (12 of 14 Director nominees) Strong Board refreshment practices
Board diversity of skills, experiences, and Full Board oversight of strategy and most
backgrounds significant risks
Ongoing and meaningful shareholder engagement Significant shareholder rights
Stock ownership requirements for Directors and Recoupment policies to claw back compensation
senior executives in the event of a restatement of financial results
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
As part of our principled approach to driving long-term value, we integrate environmental sustainability and social
responsibility efforts into our operations and our strategy. We take this approach because we view success across
these core ESG areas as an opportunity to create competitive advantage that can further enhance shareholder
value. In this way, we better serve our shareholders and our many stakeholders: consumers, employees, business
partners, suppliers, communities, and governments. As discussed further in this proxy statement, our Board
oversees this work as part of its review of our key business opportunities and risks.
Because environmental sustainability and social responsibility are integrated into the Company’s business and
operations—and are not a separate activity system or standalone initiatives—these topics frequently arise in the
context of other business reviews with the Board. For example, the Board discussed organizational changes that
would improve productivity and employee satisfaction while also attracting a broad range of talent with varied
skills, experiences, and backgrounds. Similarly, when engaging on supply chain efficiencies, the Board discussed
changes that would not only increase productivity but would also reduce emissions and waste.
Highlights of other engagements by the Board this year include:
• The I&T Committee held an in-depth session with innovation leaders to review and discuss packaging
innovation strategy, including superior packaging innovations that incorporate more environmentally
sustainable and circular attributes.
• The Board conducted a comprehensive review of the Company’s sustainability strategy with the Senior Vice
President and Chief Sustainability Officer that included a discussion of projects that best contributed to the
Company’s strategy, including scaling of industry-wide solutions that offer potential for additional value
creation.
In addition, we have further elevated our knowledge in each of our environmental sustainability priority areas.
Based on this learning, we recently focused—and through this enhanced—our sustainability efforts in those areas
where we can have the biggest impact, create the most consumer delight, and generate the highest returns.
Through these efforts, we have further strengthened our confidence and resolve in achieving or, at minimum,
significantly progressing toward our 2030 sustainability ambitions. In some areas, we have already exceeded our
original 2030 ambitions and have decided to raise the bar. In other areas, we have detailed plans to achieve the
majority of our remaining 2030 ambitions. While there are some areas where scalable infrastructure and/or
technologies are not yet available to us to fully deliver against our stated ambitions, in aggregate, we are
committed to continue stepping forward, not back. The most comprehensive resource for this information is our
ESG Portal at www.pginvestor.com/esg.
5 The Procter & Gamble Company