EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Payments upon Termination or Change in Control
The Company does not have any employment contracts with its NEOs that require severance payments upon
termination of their employment. The only situation in which a severance payment may be made is if an
employee is encouraged to separate from the Company. Certain elements of compensation are, however, treated
differently depending upon the specific circumstances of an NEO’s separation.
KEY COMPENSATION PROGRAMS
The following table describes the general treatment of compensation under the Company’s key programs under
various termination scenarios for all Company employees, including the NEOs.
Voluntary
Separation or
Compensation Termination for Written Separation Retirement Change in
Element Cause Agreement or Disability Control Death
Severance None Company has None None None
Payment discretion to pay up
to 1 times salary.
STAR No acceleration of No acceleration of No acceleration of No acceleration of No acceleration of
awards. Eligible for awards. Prorated awards. Prorated awards. Prorated awards. Prorated
award only if payment based on payment based on payment based on payment based on
employed for the time worked. time worked. time worked. time worked.
entire fiscal year.
LTIP Stock All outstanding No acceleration of No acceleration of For awards granted Vesting accelerated
Grants awards forfeited at option vesting or option vesting or under the 2009, for all awards.
separation. RSU delivery. RSU delivery. 2014, and 2019 Plans,
Prior to the first year Prior to the first vesting only
anniversary of grant, year anniversary of accelerated if awards
the award will be grant, the award not assumed, unless
prorated based on will be prorated termination without
the number of days based on the cause or resignation
worked that year. number of days with “good reason.”
worked that year.
After first year
anniversary of grant, After first year
all awards are anniversary of
retained subject to grant, all awards
original terms. are retained
subject to original
terms.
PSP Grants All outstanding No acceleration of No acceleration of For awards granted No acceleration of
awards forfeited at payment. payment. on or after October payment. All awards
separation. Prior to the first year Prior to the first 2023, assumed are retained and
anniversary of grant, year anniversary of award will vest settled subject to
the award will be grant, the award according to original original terms.
prorated based on will be prorated terms unless
the number of days based on the
termination without
worked that year. number of days
worked that year. cause or resignation
After first year with “good reason.”
anniversary of grant, After first year
For awards granted
all awards are anniversary of before October 2023,
retained subject to grant, all awards awards are paid out
original terms. are retained at target at time of
subject to original Change in Control.
terms.
Special Equity Unvested awards are Unvested awards are Unvested awards Vesting only Vesting accelerated
Awards forfeited at forfeited at are forfeited at accelerated and and award paid at
separation. separation unless separation unless award paid at time time of death.
otherwise specified otherwise specified of the Change in
by the CHRO by the CHRO as Control if awards not
as authorized by the authorized by the assumed, unless
C&LD Committee. C&LD Committee. termination without
cause or resignation
with “good reason.”
71 The Procter & Gamble Company