EXHIBIT C
“Restricted Stock” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 9.
“Restricted Stock Unit” or “RSU” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 10.
“Retirement” means, with respect to any Participant eligible for the Procter & Gamble Retiree Welfare
Benefits Plan, retirement in accordance with the provisions thereof as determined in the sole discretion of the
Committee or its delegate. If the meaning of Retirement under the Procter & Gamble Retiree Welfare Benefits
Plan is not determinable, then the meaning of Retirement shall be determined in the sole discretion of the
Committee or its delegate. For each Participant who is not eligible for the Procter & Gamble Retiree Welfare
Benefits Plan and unless otherwise specified in the applicable country-specific appendix or Award Agreement,
“Retirement” means the comparable age in that Participant’s payroll country as determined by the Company’s
authorized human resources personnel with reference to local law, custom, and affiliate policies regarding
retirement. The definition of Retirement need not be uniform among Participants.
“SAR Price” means the price established at the time of grant of an SAR pursuant to Article 8.
“Share” means a share of common stock of the Company.
“Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 8.
“Subsidiary” means any corporation or other entity, whether domestic or foreign, in which the
Company has or obtains, directly or indirectly, an interest of more than 50% by reason of stock ownership or
otherwise. In addition, the Board may designate for participation in the Plan as a “Subsidiary” those additional
companies affiliated with the Company in which the Company’s direct or indirect interest is less than 50%,
provided, however, that such designation shall not be permitted for the granting of Incentive Stock Options and,
with respect to Nonqualified Stock Options, SARs, or any similar Awards, such designation shall not include a
company with respect to which the Company is not an “eligible issuer of service recipient stock” within the
meaning of the regulations under Code Section 409A.
“Termination of Employment” means the termination of the Participant’s employment with the
Company and the Subsidiaries for any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation,
death or retirement. With respect to any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, Termination of Employment
shall mean a “separation from service” as defined in Code Section 409A.
“Termination of Directorship” means the time when a Non-employee Director ceases to be a
Non-employee Director for any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, failure
to be elected, death or retirement. With respect to any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, Termination of
Directorship shall mean a “separation from service” as defined in Code Section 409A.
ARTICLE 3 ADMINISTRATION
3.1 General. The Committee shall be responsible for administering this Plan, subject to this
Article 3 and the other provisions of this Plan. The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants,
agents and other individuals, any of whom may be an Employee, and the Committee, the Company, and its
officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, or valuations of any such individuals. The
Committee may also establish regulations, provisions, and procedures within the terms of the Plan, as may, in its
sole discretion, be advisable for the administration and operation of the Plan. All actions taken and all
interpretations and determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding upon the Participants, the
Company or Subsidiary, and all other interested individuals.
3.2 Authority of the Committee. Subject to any express limitations set forth in the Plan, the
Committee shall have full and exclusive discretionary power and authority to take such actions as it deems
necessary and advisable with respect to the administration of the Plan including, but not limited to, the following:
(a) To determine from time to time which of the persons eligible under the Plan shall be
granted Awards, when and how each Award shall be granted, what type or combination of types of
Awards shall be granted, the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical),
2025 Proxy Statement C-5