EXHIBIT C
such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of,
respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting
from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding
voting securities of such corporation, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior
to the Business Combination; and
(iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the entity
resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the
time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for
such Business Combination.
(d) Approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company.
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of
this Plan, references to sections of the Code shall be deemed to include any applicable regulations thereunder
and any successor or similar provision.
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
“Committee” means the Compensation & Leadership Development Committee of the Board or a
subcommittee thereof or any other committee designated by the Board to administer this Plan. The members of
the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by and shall serve at the discretion of the Board. If the
Committee does not exist or cannot function for any reason, the Board may take any action under the Plan that
would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. The Committee shall be constituted to comply with the
requirements of Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the Commission under the Exchange Act, or such rule or any
successor rule thereto which is in effect from time to time, and any applicable listing or governance requirements
of any securities exchange on which the Company’s common shares are listed. Any reference to the Committee
herein shall also mean the Committee’s delegate or subcommittee as designated by the Committee pursuant to
Section 3.3.
“Company” means The Procter & Gamble Company and any successor thereto as provided in
Section 21.19.
“Director” means any individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.
“Dividend Equivalent” means, subject to Article 14 herein, amounts credited under an Award based on
ordinary cash dividends that would have been paid on the Shares specified in the Award if such Shares had been
issued to and held by the Participant.
“Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.
“Employee” means any individual performing services for the Company or a Subsidiary and
designated as an employee of the Company or the Subsidiary on its payroll records. An Employee shall not include
any individual during any period he or she is classified or treated by the Company or Subsidiary as an independent
contractor, a consultant or an employee of an employment, consulting or temporary agency or any other entity
other than the Company or Subsidiary, without regard to whether such individual is subsequently determined to
have been, or is subsequently retroactively reclassified, as a common- law employee of the Company or Subsidiary
during such period. An individual shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence
approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company, between the Company and any
Subsidiaries, or between Subsidiaries. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days,
unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon
expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three months following the
91st day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by a Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive
Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonqualified Stock Option. Neither service as a Director
nor payment of a Director’s fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company.
2025 Proxy Statement C-3