BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
(5) RSUs represent the right to receive unrestricted shares of common stock upon the lapse of restrictions, at which point the holders will have a
non-forfeitable right to delivery of common stock on a specific date in the future. Total includes RSUs that will not deliver as common stock
within 60 days and any PSP awards that will deliver as RSUs in August 2025. RSUs that will not deliver within 60 days of the record date are not
considered “beneficially owned” because holders are not entitled to voting rights or investment control until the shares are delivered. RSUs that
will deliver within 60 days are listed in the “Right to Acquire” column.
(6) Less than .036% for any one Director or NEO.
(7) Totals include shares and stock options indirectly held by Mr. Moeller through his spouse, who was previously employed by the Company.
SERIES A ESOP CONVERTIBLE
CLASS A PREFERRED STOCK*
NUMBER OF SHARES
Amount and Nature
of Beneficial Ownership
Profit Sharing Percent of
Name Plan1 Trusteeships Series
Jennifer L. Davis 4,352 2
Shailesh Jejurikar 1,001 2
Jon R. Moeller 7,586 2
Sundar Raman 2,062 2
Andre Schulten 1,631 2
27 Directors and executive officers, as a group 51,320 2
Employee Stock Ownership Trust of The Procter & Gamble Profit Sharing Trust
and Employee Stock Ownership Plan P.O. Box 599, Cincinnati, Ohio 45201-0599
(R. L. Antoine, M. Riant and R. C. Stewart, Trustees) 3,2003
* No non-employee Director owns any Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock.
(1) Shares of Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock (“Preferred A Shares”) allocated to individual accounts of executive officers under
the PST Plan. PST Plan participants are the beneficial owners of the Preferred A Shares in their individual accounts. Participants direct the
Trustees how to vote such shares in their individual accounts and, subject to limitations provided by the PST Plan and by ERISA, participants
have sole discretion as to investment of the shares. The PST Plan Trustees vote such shares in accordance with instructions received from
participants, unless the Trustees determine that they are required under ERISA to vote the shares in another manner. To the extent that the
Trustees do not receive instructions for voting allocated Preferred A Shares in the PST Plan, the Trustees will vote such shares in direct
proportion to the Preferred A Shares for which the Trustees received instructions from participants. In the event of a bona fide offer (including,
but not limited to, a tender offer), the Trustees shall only dispose of allocated Preferred A Shares in the PST Plan to the extent the Trustees
receive instructions from participants for such disposition.
(2) Less than 0.25% for any NEO and for the Directors and executive officers, as a group; by the terms of the stock, only persons who are or have
been employees can have beneficial ownership of these shares.
(3) Unallocated shares. The voting of unallocated Preferred A Shares is governed by the terms of the PST Plan, which provides that the PST Plan
Trustees shall vote such shares under the PST Plan in direct proportion to the Preferred A Shares for which the Trustees received instructions
from participants for voting allocated Preferred A Shares, unless the Trustees determine that they are required under ERISA to vote the shares
in another manner.
2025 Proxy Statement 82