ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Amy L. Chang Shailesh Jejurikar
Independent Director Director
since 2017 Nominee
Age 48 Age 58
Ms. Chang is a former Executive Vice President of Cisco Mr. Jejurikar is Chief Operating Officer of the Company, a
Systems, Inc. (networking technology), where she served position he has held since 2021, and has been elected
as Executive Vice President and Executive Advisor from President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1,
2020 to 2021 and as General Manager of Cisco’s 2026. As COO, he has profit/loss responsibility for P&G’s
Collaboration Technology Group from 2018 to 2020. She is Enterprise Markets (Latin America, India, Middle East, Africa,
the founder and former Chief Executive Officer of Southeast Asia and Eastern Europe) and has accountability
Accompany, Inc. (relationship intelligence AI), a position for several functions, including Information Technology,
she held from 2013 to 2018. She previously held positions of Global Business Services, Sales, Market Operations,
increasing responsibility at Google, Inc. from 2005 to 2012, Purchasing, Manufacturing, Distribution, and New
most recently serving as Global Head of Product, Google Business. Mr. Jejurikar has held positions of increasing
Ads Measurement and Reporting. Prior to joining Google, responsibility since joining the Company in 1989, working in
she held product management and strategy positions at North America, Europe, Asia and Africa across the Fabric
eBay, Inc. and served as a consultant with McKinsey & Care, Home Care, Health Care, and Beauty businesses. Prior
Company, specializing in semi-conductors, software, and to his appointment as COO, he served as Chief Executive
services. In addition to her directorships listed below, she Officer – Global Fabric and Home Care from 2019 to 2021,
was a member of Target Corporation’s Digital Advisory President – Global Fabric Care & Home Care Sector from
Council from 2013 to 2016. She currently serves as an 2018 to 2019, and President – Global Fabric Care from 2015
advisor with Google’s Moonshot Factory (X) and on the to 2018. In addition, Mr. Jejurikar served as the Company’s
Executive Council for UCSF Health. She chairs the Stanford Executive Sponsor, Global Sustainability from 2016 to 2021,
School of Engineering Dean’s Advisory Council. ensuring full integration of the Company’s sustainability
efforts into the day-to-day business to further enable value
creation for the Company, consumers, and shareholders.
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Jejurikar has also served on the boards of numerous
Ms. Chang’s extensive digital, technology, and innovation
civic and educational organizations. He is currently the
and marketing experience, both as a digital startup
Chair of the Cincinnati Center City Development
founder and as head of product at Google Analytics,
Corporation, a nonprofit organization focused on
enables her to provide unique and important insights to
strategically revitalizing Cincinnati’s urban core.
the Board about digital industry trends, developments in
artificial intelligence (AI), evolving marketing practices and
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
data analytics, with particular application to the consumer
industry/retail space. Additionally, as a former Cisco Mr. Jejurikar brings a wealth of global and operational
executive, with experience running a global team at an knowledge and a wide array of experience in leadership,
enterprise with a significant global footprint and supply strategy, and risk management across businesses,
chain, and as the founder and CEO of a digital startup functions, and geographies. His career has spanned
company, Ms. Chang’s leadership, strategy, and risk regional and global brand development, commercial
management experience in a fast-paced environment strategy, and end-to-end business management, with a
gives her critical perspective on understanding consumers proven ability to adapt to diverse consumer landscapes
and driving innovation. Further, her service on multiple and deliver strong business results. In his role leading the
public company boards, including on nominating and Company’s largest business sector, Fabric & Home Care, he
governance committees, affords her meaningful corporate led the team in delivering industry-leading results and
governance understanding and insight. value creation through innovation, a synchronized
end-to-end supply chain, brand-building, and sales. As
Other Public Company Boards: Salesforce, Inc. (since July COO, he has helped lead development of renewed
2025), The Walt Disney Company (since 2021), Marqeta, Inc. strategies in supply chain management, Information
(2021 to 2022), Cisco Systems, Inc. (2016 to 2018) Technology, and Global Business Services. His deep
consumer expertise in both developed and developing
Committees: Governance & Public Responsibility,
regions, global perspective, and integrated leadership
Innovation & Technology (Chair)
approach will bring valuable insights on scaling
businesses, navigating operational complexity, and
sustaining long-term growth.
Other Public Company Boards: Otis Worldwide Corporation
(since 2020)
13 The Procter & Gamble Company