EXHIBIT B
Exhibit B
The Procter & Gamble Company Audit Committee Policies
I. GUIDELINES FOR PRE-APPROVAL OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR SERVICES
The Audit Committee (the “Committee”) has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of the
Company’s independent auditor to perform services for the Company:
A. For audit services (including statutory audit engagements as required under local country laws), the
independent auditor will provide the Committee with an engagement letter each fiscal year outlining the
scope of the audit services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year. If agreed to by the Committee,
this engagement letter will be formally accepted by the Committee prior to the commencement of work.
B. The independent auditor will submit to the Committee for approval an audit services fee proposal with the
engagement letter.
C. For non-audit services, Company management will submit to the Committee for approval the list of non-audit
services that it recommends the Committee engage the independent auditor to provide for the fiscal year.
Company management and the independent auditor will each confirm to the Committee that each
non-audit service on the list is permissible under all applicable legal requirements. In addition to the list of
planned non-audit services, a budget estimating non-audit service spending for the fiscal year will be
provided. The Committee will approve both the list of permissible non-audit services and the budget for such
services. The Committee will be informed routinely as to the non-audit services actually provided by the
independent auditor pursuant to this pre-approval process.
D. To ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the Committee delegates to the Chair the authority to
amend or modify the list of approved permissible non-audit services and fees. The Chair will report action
taken to the Committee at the next Committee meeting.
E. The independent auditor must ensure that all audit and non-audit services provided to the Company have
been approved by the Committee. The Senior Vice President of Global Internal Audit will be responsible for
tracking all independent auditor fees against the budget for such services and report at least annually to the
Audit Committee.
2025 Proxy Statement B-1