CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board’s Leadership Structure
Under the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board
has discretion to determine whether the same individual should
serve as both Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board or
whether the roles should be separated. The Board also determines
the nature and scope of the role of the Lead Director to ensure
appropriate and effective independent leadership and oversight. This
approach allows the Board to use its considerable experience and
knowledge to elect as Chairman of the Board the Director best
suited to serve in that capacity at the time, while maintaining the
ability to separate the Chairman of the Board and CEO roles when
appropriate, as the roles have been in previous periods. Further, it
enables the Board to elect an independent Lead Director and define
his or her duties.
The Board regularly considers this structure and whether to combine or separate the roles, depending on which
leadership structure best serves the Company and its shareholders. In doing so, the Board not only considers the
specific benefits and impacts to the Company of one approach over another but also considers external practice
among similarly situated global companies as well as feedback from investors. The Board believes this discretion,
including the flexibility to make this determination at any given point, best enables it to promote the long-term
interests of the Company and its shareholders.
During the Board’s annual evaluation of its leadership structure in June, and upon recommendation of the G&PR
Committee, the non-employee Directors of the Board concluded that it was in the best interest of the Company
and its shareholders for Mr. Moeller to maintain his roles as Chairman of the Board and CEO, with Mr. Jimenez
serving as Lead Director. In particular, the Board considered that Mr. Moeller is the right person to lead the Board
based on his deep knowledge of the Company’s business and financial operations; his clear, consistent, and
compelling strategy for the Company; and his keen understanding of the complex and dynamic external
environment in which it operates globally.
In July, when the Board elected Mr. Jejurikar to the role of President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1,
2026, the Board determined that it was in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to separate the roles
of CEO and Chairman effective as of that same date. Accordingly, the non-employee Directors elected Mr. Moeller as
Executive Chairman of the Board, effective January 1, 2026. This action is consistent with the Company’s past practice
of retaining a prior CEO as the Executive Chairman for a transition period. This division of roles allows Mr. Moeller to
provide important continuity of Board leadership and strategic oversight, while it allows Mr. Jejurikar to focus on
transitioning into the role as the Company’s new CEO, executing the Company’s strategies, and managing the global
organization. As CEO, Mr. Jejurikar will report to the Board and will attend all Board meetings other than executive
sessions, which include only independent Directors. The Board believes that Mr. Moeller and Mr. Jejurikar, who have
worked collaboratively for several years, will continue to work collaboratively with the Board through this CEO
transition. The Board retains the ability to combine or separate the Chairman and CEO roles in the future, depending
on which leadership structure best serves the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders at that time.
2025 Proxy Statement 20