COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Special Equity Awards
On occasion, the C&LD Committee makes special equity grants in the form of RSUs to senior executives to
encourage retention of the talent necessary to manage the Company successfully or to recognize superior
performance. No such awards were made to any NEOs this year.
Retirement Programs
The Procter & Gamble Profit Sharing Trust and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“PST”) is the Company’s primary
retirement program for U.S.-based employees. The PST is a qualified defined contribution plan providing
retirement benefits for full-time U.S. employees, including the NEOs. Under the PST, the Company makes an
annual contribution of cash, which is used to purchase Company stock that is credited to each participant’s PST
account, upon which dividends are earned. The amount of the stock grant varies based upon individual salaries
and years of service.
Some participants in the PST (including the NEOs) do not receive their full contributions due to federal tax
limitations. As a result, they participate in the nonqualified PST Restoration Program. These individuals receive
RSUs valued at an amount equal to the difference between the contribution made under the PST and what would
have otherwise been contributed under the PST but for the tax limitations. Participants are vested in their PST
accounts after three years of service, and similarly, their PST Restoration RSUs become non-forfeitable after three
years of service.
In addition, some individuals who would otherwise participate in the PST are ineligible due to their work locations.
As a result, they participate in the nonqualified International Retirement Plan (“IRP”). These individuals receive
RSUs valued at an amount equal to the contribution that would have otherwise been contributed under the PST
had they been eligible to participate in the PST. IRP RSUs also become non-forfeitable after three years of service.
The PST, the PST Restoration Program, and the IRP have created ownership at all levels of the Company. These
programs continue to serve the Company and its shareholders well by focusing employees on the long-term
success of the business.
For non-U.S.-based employees, individual country plans provide retirement benefits. Employees who work in
multiple countries during their careers may also be eligible for supplemental benefits under the Global
International Retirement Arrangement (“Global IRA”). The Global IRA is designed to provide a supplemental
retirement benefit to certain management employees to mitigate any adverse impact to total pension value
caused by moving between home countries. Messrs. Schulten, Jejurikar, and Raman participate in the Global IRA.
Mr. Schulten also participates in a German Pension Plan available to Germany-based employees hired after
December 31, 1991.
Deferred Compensation Plan
The Procter & Gamble Company Executive Deferred Compensation Plan allows executives to defer receipt of up to
100% of their STAR awards and up to 75% of their annual salary. Executives may also elect to convert a portion of
their PST Restoration RSUs into notional cash with investment choices that mirror those available to all U.S.
employees who participate in the Company’s 401(k) plan. No above-market or preferential interest is credited on
deferred compensation, as those terms are defined by the SEC.
Executive Benefits
The Company provides certain other limited benefits to senior executives to fulfill particular business purposes,
which are primarily for convenience and personal security. No changes were made to executive benefits over the
past year, and the Company continues to manage executive benefits as a very small percentage (less than 4%) of
total compensation for the NEOs.
51 The Procter & Gamble Company