CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board Meetings and Committees of
the Board
Our Directors take seriously their commitment to active oversight,
meaningful engagement, and effective stewardship of the long-term
interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Chairman of the
Board and Lead Director set Board agendas in advance to ensure
that appropriate subjects are covered with time for meaningful
discussion. To assist the Board in discharging its duties and to
facilitate deeper understanding and engagement in certain key
areas of oversight, the Board has established four standing
Committees. Committee Chairs work closely with management to
set agendas for Committee meetings, ensuring that each
Committee reviews relevant subjects in a timely and meaningful
way. Directors receive comprehensive materials in advance of Board
and Committee meetings and review these materials before each
meeting. This process allows for focused, active discussions during
meetings.
During FY 2024-25, the Board held six meetings, and the Committees of the Board collectively held 21 meetings,
for a total of 27 meetings. None of the incumbent Directors attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate meetings
of the Board and the Committees on which they served, and the average attendance among incumbent Directors
was about 98%. The Board expects all Directors to attend the annual meeting of shareholders, and all Directors
then serving attended the October 8, 2024 annual meeting.
The table below shows the membership of each Committee of the Board as of June 30, 2025 and the number of
meetings each Committee held during FY 2024-25. Each Committee is fully independent under the NYSE listing
standards and the Independence Guidelines, which can be found in the corporate governance section of the
Company’s website at www.pg.com. Each Committee has a charter that sets out its primary purposes, duties, and
responsibilities. These charters also can be found in the corporate governance section of our website at www.pg.com.
Compensation Governance &
& Leadership Public Innovation &
Name Board Audit Development Responsibility Technology
B. Marc Allen ● ● ●
Craig Arnold ● ● ●
Brett Biggs ● ● ●
Sheila Bonini ● ● ●
Amy L. Chang ● ● Chair
Joseph Jimenez Lead ● Chair
Christopher Kempczinski ● ● ●
Debra L. Lee ● ● ●
Terry J. Lundgren ● Chair ●
Christine M. McCarthy ● Chair ●
Ashley McEvoy ● ● ●
Jon R. Moeller Chair
Robert J. Portman ● ● ●
Rajesh Subramaniam ● ● ●
Patricia A. Woertz ● ● ●
Total FY 2024-25 Meetings 6 8 5 6 2
2025 Proxy Statement 24