BOARD PROPOSALS
ITEM 3.
ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
(THE SAY ON PAY VOTE)
Pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we are providing our shareholders with the
opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs as set forth in this
proxy statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. This proposal is also referred to
as the “Say on Pay” vote.
Our executive compensation program pays for performance, supports our business strategies, discourages
excessive risk-taking, makes us competitive with other multinational corporations for top talent, and aligns our
executives’ interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. In 2024, shareholders approved the
compensation paid to the NEOs with a FOR vote of 90.65%.
Our Compensation Discussion & Analysis, which begins on page 40 of this proxy statement, describes in detail the
components of our executive compensation program and the process by which our Board makes executive
compensation decisions. Highlights of our program include the following:
• Consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy, approximately 89% of the four main components of
NEO compensation (Salary, STAR, LTIP, and PSP) for all NEOs in total is tied to Company performance;
• Multiple performance metrics are utilized to discourage excessive risk-taking by removing any incentive to
focus on a single performance goal to the detriment of others;
• Substantial stock ownership requirements ensure that our senior executives maintain a significant stake in
our long-term success;
• Equity plans prohibit re-pricing and backdating of stock options;
• Recoupment policies allow (and in some cases, require) recovery of certain compensation payments and
proceeds from stock transactions from executives in the event of a restatement of financial results for any
reason or for a violation of certain stock plan or award agreement provisions;
• We do not grant equity awards that vest immediately solely on account of a change in control;
• We do not execute employment agreements with executives that contain special severance payments such
as golden parachutes;
• We do not provide gross-ups to cover personal income taxes that pertain to executive or severance benefits;
and
• We do not provide special executive retirement programs.
We design our compensation programs to motivate our executives to win during tough economic times and to
achieve our fundamental and overriding objective—to create value for our shareholders at leadership levels on a
consistent basis.
This vote is non-binding; however, we highly value the opinions of our shareholders. Accordingly, the Board and
the C&LD Committee will consider the outcome of this advisory vote in connection with future executive
compensation decisions. We currently expect to hold our advisory vote on executive compensation annually, and
the next vote is expected to be at our 2026 Annual Meeting.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the following resolution:
RESOLVED, That the compensation paid to the NEOs, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion & Analysis, compensation tables and narrative
discussion, is hereby approved.
87 The Procter & Gamble Company