ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Ashley McEvoy Jon R. Moeller
Independent Director Director
since 2023 since 2021
Age 54 Age 61
Ms. McEvoy is President and Chief Executive Officer of Insulet Mr. Moeller is Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Corporation (healthcare), a position she has held since April Executive Officer of the Company. Effective January 1, 2026, he
2025. She is the former Executive Vice President, Worldwide will become P&G’s Executive Chairman. Mr. Moeller assumed
Chairman of MedTech at Johnson & Johnson, a position she the role of President and CEO in November 2021 and was
held from 2018 to 2023. In this role, Ms. McEvoy had named Chairman of the Board effective July 2022. Mr. Moeller
responsibility for the company’s surgery, orthopaedics, previously served as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer
interventional solutions, and eye health businesses. She from 2021 until his appointment as President and CEO, as Vice
previously served as Company Group Chairman, Consumer Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
Medical Devices from 2014 to 2018 and as Company Group from 2019 to 2021, as Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Chairman, Vision Care from 2012 to 2014. Ms. McEvoy also led from 2017 to 2019, and as Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to
J&J’s global suture products business as Worldwide President, 2017. In addition to his leadership of the Company for nearly
Ethicon Products from 2009 to 2011, served as President, four years, Mr. Moeller has held numerous and significant
McNeil Consumer Healthcare from 2006 to 2009, and served as responsibilities in his career at P&G. As the Company’s Chief
Vice President, Marketing and General Manager, McNeil Labs Operating Officer, he had responsibility for P&G’s Enterprise
from 2003 to 2006. She joined J&J in 1996 as an Assistant Brand Markets, which include Latin America, India, the Middle East,
Manager, having previously worked in advertising at both Grey Africa, Southeast Asia, and Eastern Europe. He also led the
Advertising and J. Walter Thompson (now Wunderman Company’s Investor Relations, Information Technology, Global
Thompson). In addition to her professional work, Ms. McEvoy Business Services, Sales, Market Operations, Purchasing,
has also served on the Board of Trustees of the Children’s Manufacturing, and Distribution efforts. In addition, prior to his
Hospital of Philadelphia. role as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Moeller held leadership
positions in various categories, sectors, and regions, including
China, and has led significant merger and acquisition efforts in
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
line with the Company’s portfolio optimization strategy. He also
Ms. McEvoy brings to the Board a breadth of leadership, serves on the boards of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, the
strategy, and risk management experience derived from Business Roundtable, the Consumer Goods Forum, and
various roles, where she has led significant and diverse Catalyst, a global nonprofit that accelerates progress for
businesses with global footprints. She further draws upon her women through workplace inclusion.
skills and experience in marketing and insights from her work
in the consumer industry, which she developed initially in the SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
advertising industry and further strengthened in her roles at
Mr. Moeller has significant and recognized financial expertise,
J&J in marketing and brand management in the consumer
seasoned corporate governance insight, and extensive
healthcare space. Her perspective as a seasoned leader in the
leadership, strategy, and risk management skills and
global healthcare industry is particularly important to the
experience, which he has built over his 37 years with the
Board given the continued strategic importance of this sector
Company. In that time, he has both developed and executed
to the Company in markets around the world. In addition,
global strategy, served as a key member of senior
Ms. McEvoy has been recognized for her transformative
management, led numerous, complex transactions and
innovation approach, driving strategic investments in
initiatives, and worked closely with regulatory agencies and
innovation platforms and commercial executions that
government officials around the globe to address critical policy,
delivered significant growth for J&J’s MedTech business as well
business, and tax matters. Both as CEO and in his prior
as the enhancement of in-house digital capabilities in
leadership roles, Mr. Moeller has emphasized the critical
collaboration with leading technology companies, consistent
importance of superior innovation and market growth as
with the Company’s focus on driving digital acumen
imperatives within the Company’s strategy, including the
enterprise-wide to enable long-term growth.
integration of environmental sustainability. He further has
Other Public Company Boards: Insulet Corporation helped modernize and advance P&G’s information technology
(since April 2025) approach, overseeing the Company’s IT function for several
years and prioritizing the development of enterprise-wide
Committees: Compensation & Leadership Development, digital acumen to enable increased productivity. Mr. Moeller
Innovation & Technology has also held leadership positions in many of the Company’s
global categories, including Beauty Care, Health Care, and
Feminine Care, affording him meaningful consumer industry/
retail understanding. His global work and responsibility,
including current role as President and CEO and prior
oversight of the Company’s Enterprise Markets, complements
this perspective, affording him critical insight on P&G’s
operations and strategic efforts around the globe.
Other Public Company Boards: Eli Lilly and Company
(since 2024)
2025 Proxy Statement 16