BOARD PROPOSALS
Minimum Vesting Requirements. Equity-based awards granted under the Plan generally may fully vest no earlier
than one year after the grant date, subject to specified exceptions.
Treatment of Awards upon Change in Control. Upon a change in control (as defined in the Plan), if the successor
does not assume the awards under the Plan, stock options and SARs vest immediately, any conditions or
restrictions on common stock, restricted stock, or RSUs lapse, and any performance-based Awards shall be
deemed to be satisfied based on actual performance if such performance is determinable in the judgment of the
C&LD Committee and based on target level performance if actual performance is not determinable. If the
successor does assume the awards but a participant is involuntarily terminated within two years for reasons other
than cause or a participant terminates their employment for good reason, stock options and SARs vest
immediately, and any conditions or restrictions on common stock, restricted stock, RSUs, or performance-based
awards lapse.
Market Price. On August 15, 2025, the average of the high and low market prices of the Company’s common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange was $154.91 per share.
Registration with the SEC. Subject to shareholder approval of this proposal, the Company intends to file with the
SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 covering the shares reserved for issuance under the 2025 Plan.
Awards granted under the 2025 Plan will be subject to the C&LD Committee’s discretion, and the C&LD
Committee has not determined future awards or who might receive them. As a result, the benefits that will be
awarded under the 2025 Plan are not determinable at this time. No awards have been made under the 2025 Plan
that are contingent upon approval of the 2025 Plan by the shareholders.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
The following is a general discussion of the federal income tax consequences of awards made under the 2025 Plan
based on tax law currently in effect. Non-U.S. and state and local tax consequences may vary. The information is
provided for shareholders considering how to vote on this proposal and is not tax guidance to participants.
Compensation, including vesting or exercise of any equity awards, in excess of $1,000,000 per year paid to certain
covered employees and former employees will generally not be deductible by the Company.
Restricted Stock Units. RSUs are taxable to the recipient as ordinary income when the stock or cash is payable to
the recipient, even if the RSUs become non-forfeitable at an earlier date. Dividend equivalents that accumulate
before the RSU is payable are paid and taxable when the RSUs become payable. The Company is not entitled to a
deduction until the stock or cash is payable.
Restricted Stock. Unless a participant has made an election under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code to
be taxed at grant, restricted stock is taxable as ordinary income in the taxable year in which the restrictions lapse.
At that time, the participant will have taxable ordinary income and the Company will be entitled to a
deduction. The amount subject to taxation (and deductible by the Company) is the fair market value of the shares
reduced by any amount paid for the shares. Any accumulated dividends are also subject to taxation (and
deductible by the Company) when the restrictions lapse.
Common Stock. Common stock is taxable to the recipient as ordinary income when the stock is granted to the
recipient. The Company is entitled to a deduction in the year the stock is granted.
Nonstatutory Stock Options. Nonstatutory stock options are not taxable to the participant at grant, and the
Company will not be entitled to a deduction at that time. A participant will have taxable ordinary income on the
date of exercise of the option in an amount that will be equal to the difference between the market price of the
optioned shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price. The Company will be entitled to a corresponding
deduction at that time.
2025 Proxy Statement 92