EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Amounts deferred under the EDCP are credited with market earnings based on the same fund choices available
to all employees under The Procter & Gamble Profit Sharing Trust and Employee Stock Ownership Plan, one of the
Company’s tax-qualified plans, with the exception of P&G stock, which is not offered as an investment option in
the EDCP. Participants may change fund choices on a daily basis.
LTIP grants made in the form of RSUs that become non-forfeitable prior to delivery due to the NEO being
retirement eligible are included in the aggregate balance as deferred compensation awards under an employee
stock and incentive compensation plan. Participants may also defer delivery of incentive awards earned under the
PSP program and its predecessors by electing to receive RSUs with deferred delivery. The RSUs are governed by
the employee stock and incentive compensation plan that was in effect at the time the award was granted.
Similarly, other special equity awards that were deferred by an NEO are included in the aggregate balance for
amounts deferred under an employee stock and incentive compensation plan.
As described on page 51 of this proxy statement, federal tax rules limit the size of contributions that can be made
to individuals pursuant to tax-qualified defined contribution plans like the PST. To account for these limitations,
the Company utilizes the PST Restoration Program to make an additional annual contribution in the form of RSUs.
Similar to the PST, these RSUs become non-forfeitable once an executive has met the vesting requirement (three
years of service). The default form of payment is a lump sum distribution one year after retirement, or the
executive can elect to defer the lump sum to six or eleven years after retirement or to commence ten annual
installments at six or eleven years after retirement. Generally, executives have until retirement to change a
previous deferral election, with any such deferral elections or changes to deferral elections made in compliance
with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. These RSUs earn dividend equivalents at the same rate as
dividends on common stock. The dividend equivalents accrue in the form of additional RSUs each quarter and are
credited to the executive’s holdings. The value of each RSU may increase or decrease over time as the value is tied
to the price of the common stock. Finally, NEOs who are 45 years of age or older may convert certain of their PST
Restoration Program RSUs into notional cash with the same investment choices as those available under the
EDCP.
The Company’s International Retirement Plan (“IRP”) is designed to provide retirement benefits for employees
whose participation in retirement plans in their home countries has been suspended because they are on
assignments outside of that country. Under the IRP, the Company makes an annual contribution for each
participant equal to the contribution that would have been made under the participant’s home country
retirement plan had the participant remained in that country and eligible to participate in that plan.
Historically, Company contributions to the IRP were placed into one of several investment vehicles available within
the IRP, at each participant’s election. Participants in the U.S. receive their contributions in RSUs. These
contributions vest according to the terms and conditions of the participant’s home country retirement plan. Upon
retirement from the Company, participants must elect to receive distributions from the IRP Trust in one of four
ways: (1) fixed-income annuity; (2) variable annuity; (3) lump sum; or (4) annual installments (over a maximum of
15 years).
Amounts the NEOs defer under any of the above-mentioned plans that are scheduled to be paid after termination
of employment must be held by the Company for a minimum of six months in order to comply with Section 409A
of the Internal Revenue Code.
2025 Proxy Statement 70