BOARD PROPOSALS
ITEM 4.
APPROVAL OF THE PROCTER & GAMBLE 2025 STOCK
AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
On August 12, 2025, the Board of Directors approved for submission to the shareholders The Procter & Gamble
2025 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2025 Plan” or “Plan”), as set forth in Exhibit C to this proxy
statement.
The 2025 Plan replaces The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2019 Plan”),
which was approved by the Board of Directors on August 13, 2019 and approved by shareholders at the annual
meeting held on October 8, 2019 with 91.9% support.
The Board recommends that shareholders support the 2025 Plan for the following reasons:
1. The purpose of the Plan is to strengthen the alignment of interests between those employees and
non-employee Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries who are largely responsible for the success of the
business, and the Company’s shareholders. This is achieved through increased ownership of the Company’s
common stock and equity incentives tied to key financial and operational metrics, sustained dividends, and
stock price appreciation. The Plan also encourages participants to remain in the employ of the Company and
its subsidiaries.
2. The 2025 Plan requests 175 million stock option shares (equivalent to 35 million full value shares), which is
similar to the 2019 Plan. P&G’s historic annual burn rate is consistent with that of our Peer Group at
approximately 0.5%.
3. The 2025 Plan reflects best practices in granting equity compensation:
Administered by the Compensation & Leadership Development Committee, which is made up entirely
of independent Directors.
Double Trigger. Time-based equity awards do not vest solely on account of a change-in-control
(requires a qualifying termination following a change-in-control).
No re-pricing or backdating of stock options.
No discounted stock options or stock appreciation rights.
Awards are subject to forfeiture and clawback for violation of certain policies and award agreement
terms.
No liberal share counting. The 2025 Plan does not allow for reuse of shares tendered, exchanged or
withheld to cover option exercise costs, any award shares withheld to cover taxes, and all shares
underlying an award of stock appreciation rights once such stock appreciation rights are exercised.
No payment of dividends or dividend equivalents on unvested awards.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the following resolution:
RESOLVED, That The Procter & Gamble 2025 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as set forth in
Exhibit C to this proxy statement, is hereby approved and authorized.
2025 Proxy Statement 88