ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
ITEM 1.
Election of Directors
Our Board of Directors has general oversight responsibility for the Company’s affairs pursuant to Ohio’s General
Corporation Law and the Company’s Amended Articles of Incorporation, Code of Regulations, and By Laws of the
Board of Directors. In exercising its fiduciary duties, the Board represents and acts on behalf of the Company’s
shareholders and is committed to strong corporate governance, as reflected through its policies and practices.
The Board is deeply involved in the Company’s strategic planning process, leadership development, succession
planning, and oversight of risk management.
Our Board of Directors nominated the 14 individuals listed on pages 11-17 for election at the 2025 annual meeting.
All of the Director nominees other than Shailesh Jejurikar currently serve on the Board, and all except Craig Arnold
and Shailesh Jejurikar were elected for a one-year term at the 2024 annual meeting. The current terms of the
incumbent nominees for Director will expire at the 2025 annual meeting when their successors are elected, and
the Board has nominated each of these individuals for a one-year term that will expire at the 2026 annual meeting
when their successors are elected.
Each of the Director nominees identified in this proxy statement has consented to being named as a nominee in
our proxy materials and agreed to serve as a Director if elected by the Company’s shareholders. If any nominee
becomes unable or unwilling to serve between the date of the proxy statement and the annual meeting, the
Board may designate a new nominee, and the persons named as proxies will vote on that substitute nominee.
Director Skills, Qualifications, and Diversity
P&G is a global consumer products company that operates in a dynamic, complex, diverse, and competitive
environment. Our Directors must consistently bring to bear the practical wisdom and seasoned judgment gained
from significant leadership experience, while remaining agile and adept at overseeing emerging risks and
business challenges. Accordingly, our Board looks for leaders who embrace strong governance and oversight,
exemplify the Company’s Purpose, Values, and Principles, and provide a breadth of experience and expertise
across disciplines, all while being firmly grounded in the practical challenges facing global companies.
As summarized in the following pages, the Company’s Director nominees bring a variety of these skills and
experiences to the Board and reflect an appropriate combination of qualifications to oversee the Company’s
long-term strategy.
Meaningful skills and experiences are just one aspect of diversity that the Board highly values. Our Corporate
Governance Guidelines set forth the minimum qualifications for Board members and specify that the Board
“seeks to achieve a mix of Board members that represents a diversity of background and experience, including
with respect to age, gender, international background, race, and specialized experience.” As reflected in the
current makeup of the Board and the diverse slate of nominees, one of our priorities in the Director nomination
process is that our Board, like our Company and our consumers, is diverse—a fundamental element of our
superior value proposition.
7 The Procter & Gamble Company