NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS
August 29, 2025
Fellow Procter & Gamble Shareholders:
It is my pleasure to invite you to this year’s annual meeting of shareholders. The meeting will take place on
Tuesday, October 14, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. The meeting will be held virtually via a live audio webcast at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PG2025. At the meeting, our shareholders will be asked to:
☑ Elect the 14 Director nominees listed in the accompanying proxy statement;
☑ Ratify the appointment of the independent registered public accounting firm;
☑ Approve, on an advisory basis, the Company’s executive compensation (the “Say on Pay” vote);
☑ Approve The Procter & Gamble 2025 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan;
☑ Vote on the shareholder proposal described in the accompanying proxy statement, if properly presented
at the meeting; and
☑ Transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 15, 2025 (the “record date”) are entitled to vote at the
annual meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. Please see pages 97-101 for additional
information regarding accessing the meeting and how to vote your shares. You do not need to attend the
virtual meeting in order to vote your shares.
Your vote is important. Please vote your proxy promptly to ensure your shares are properly represented, even if
you plan to join the annual meeting. You can vote online, by telephone, or by requesting a printed copy of the
proxy materials and using the enclosed proxy card.
We appreciate your continued confidence in our Company and look forward to your joining us on
October 14, 2025.
Susan Street Whaley
Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
REVIEW THE PROXY STATEMENT AND VOTE IN ONE OF FOUR WAYS:
ONLINE BY MAIL
Visit www.proxyvote.com. Sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy
card or voting instruction form.
BY TELEPHONE AT THE MEETING
Call the telephone number on your Attend the annual meeting virtually. See
proxy card, voting instruction form, or page 99 for additional details on how to
notice. attend.
The Company’s principal executive offices are located at 1 Procter & Gamble Plaza, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202. These
proxy materials are first being made available to our shareholders on August 29, 2025.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held on October 14, 2025: This Notice of Annual Meeting, the Proxy Statement, and the 2025 Annual Report
are available at www.proxyvote.com.