ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Robert J. Portman Rajesh
Independent Director Subramaniam
since 2023
Independent Director
Age 69 since 2022
Age 59
Mr. Portman is a former United States Senator, having Mr. Subramaniam is President and Chief Executive Officer
represented the State of Ohio from 2011 until his retirement at FedEx Corporation (transportation and business
in 2023. He previously served in cabinet-level positions in services), a position he has held since June 2022. He
the executive branch, first as U.S. Trade Representative
previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer
from 2005 to 2006 and then as Director of the Office of
of FedEx from March 2019 to May 2022, as President and
Management and Budget (“OMB”) from 2006 to 2007.
Chief Executive Officer of Federal Express Corporation
From 1993 to 2005, he served as a Congressman in the U.S.
House of Representatives. Mr. Portman, who holds a Juris (“FedEx Express”) from January 2019 to March 2019, and as
Doctor from the University of Michigan School of Law, Executive Vice President – Chief Marketing &
began his career in private legal practice and later worked Communications Officer of FedEx from January 2017 to
as Associate Counsel and then Director of Legislative Affairs December 2018. Prior to these roles, Mr. Subramaniam
under President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1991. He held various leadership positions in operations and
currently serves as a Distinguished Visiting Fellow in the marketing across the FedEx portfolio of operating
Practice of Public Policy at the American Enterprise
companies, including as a Senior Vice President and Vice
Institute and is the founder of the Portman Center for
President in the company’s Canada and Asia Pacific
Policy Solutions within the University of Cincinnati’s School
businesses. Originally from India, he holds master’s
of Public and International Affairs, which focuses on
fostering civility and bipartisanship among future public degrees in chemical engineering and business
service leaders. He also serves on the board of the National administration and began his career with FedEx in 1991. He
Park Foundation and on the advisory board of American also serves as a board member with the U.S.-India
Rivers. Strategic Partnership Forum, as a member of the U.S.-India
CEO Forum, and as Vice Chair of the U.S.-China Business
Council. Mr. Subramaniam was appointed to the
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
President’s Export Council, the principal national advisory
With his legal experience and public service career that
committee on international trade, in 2023.
spanned three decades and four presidential
administrations, including multiple terms in both houses
of Congress, Mr. Portman brings deep and significant SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
government, regulatory, and public policy expertise to the
Mr. Subramaniam’s significant leadership roles across
Board. As Director of the OMB, he oversaw development of
FedEx’s businesses afford him broad leadership, strategy,
the executive budget and administration of federal agency
performance. Through both his service on the Senate and risk management skills, particularly in the areas of
Foreign Relations Committee and in his role as U.S. Trade corporate operations, strategy, communications, and
Representative, Mr. Portman developed unique global marketing. In addition, his global leadership experience in
knowledge and expertise, particularly as it relates to markets outside the United States and focus on the
international tax and trade policy, that benefits the Board continued globalization of FedEx’s operations and
as it oversees the Company’s operations in markets around business allows him to contribute unique insights and
the world. He is also recognized for his leadership, strategy,
perspective to the Board. Mr. Subramaniam has also been
and risk management skills, having led bipartisan
recognized for his digital, technology, and innovation skills,
policymaking efforts across key issues including
which include strengthening FedEx’s operating strategy,
infrastructure, trade, energy, taxes, and workforce
development and ultimately securing enactment of more growing its e-commerce business, and driving digital
than 200 bills across both Republican and Democratic transformation of its global supply chain, including the
administrations. In addition, Mr. Portman has focused on prioritization of environmental sustainability work within
critical digital and technology issues, founding the FedEx’s operations. These skills, including the use of digital
Senate’s Artificial Intelligence Caucus and advocating for innovation to promote sustainability and network
improved cybersecurity practices, including co-authoring optimization, are highly valuable to the Board as the
the bill that would become the Cyber Incident Reporting Company continues to focus on strategic opportunities for
for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022. As a result, he brings
ongoing supply chain innovation and increased digital
meaningful insight and expertise on how technology,
acumen.
infrastructure, and cybersecurity intersect within
government and private enterprise, further strengthening
Other Public Company Boards: FedEx Corporation (since
the Board’s oversight of this important area. Added to this
2020), First Horizon Corporation (2016 to 2022)
is a keen understanding of environmental sustainability
issues and strategy development, gained through his Committees: Governance & Public Responsibility,
leadership roles at conservationist organizations.
Innovation & Technology
Committees: Governance & Public Responsibility,
Innovation & Technology
17 The Procter & Gamble Company