VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION
Voting and Meeting
Information
In connection with the Company’s 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, which will take
place virtually on October 14, 2025, the Board of Directors has provided these materials to
you, either over the Internet or via mail. The Notice was mailed to Company shareholders
beginning August 29, 2025, and our proxy materials were posted on the website referenced
in the Notice on that same date. The Company, on behalf of its Board, is soliciting your proxy
to vote your shares at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. We solicit proxies to give
shareholders an opportunity to vote on matters that will be presented at the annual meeting.
In the proxy statement, you will find information on these matters, which is provided to assist
you in voting your shares.
1.
WHO CAN VOTE?
You can vote if, as of the close of business on August 15, 2025, you were
a shareholder of record of the Company’s:
• Common Stock;
• Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock; or
• Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock.
Each share of Company stock, including the Series A and Series B
ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock, gets one vote. On August 15,
2025, there were issued and outstanding:
• 2,340,485,262 shares of Common Stock;
• 20,527,061 shares of Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred
Stock; and
• 49,107,157 shares of Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred
Stock.
2.
HOW DO I VOTE BY PROXY?
Most shareholders of record can vote by proxy in three ways:
• By Internet — You can vote via the Internet by following the instructions in the Notice or by going to
www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions contained on that website
• By Telephone — In the United States and Canada, you can vote by telephone by following the
instructions in the Notice or by calling (800) 690-6903 (toll-free) and following the instructions
• By Mail — You can vote by mail by requesting a full packet of proxy materials be sent to your home
address. Upon receipt of the materials, you may fill out the enclosed proxy card and return it per the
instructions on the card
If you vote by proxy, your shares will be voted at the annual meeting as you direct. If you sign your proxy
card but do not specify how you want your shares to be voted, they will be voted as the Board
recommends.
If you are a participant in The Procter & Gamble Direct Stock Purchase Plan, you can vote the shares of
P&G stock held for your account through any of the proxy voting options set forth above.
97 The Procter & Gamble Company