COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Elements of Our Compensation Programs
Annual Cash Compensation
The Company’s annual cash compensation consists of salary and the Short-Term Achievement Reward (“STAR”).
While salary is considered a fixed component of compensation, salary progression over time is based on individual
performance and the scope of responsibilities of the role. We collect and analyze data from the compensation
peer group on the total annual cash compensation opportunity (salary plus annual bonus target) for positions
comparable to those at the Company. We consider the target median annual cash compensation opportunity for
each position based on the compensation peer group, adjusted for size using a regression analysis (where
appropriate) of peer group revenues, to set a salary range mid-point and a target for STAR as a percentage of
salary (“STAR target”).
SALARY
All salary adjustments described below were effective October 1, 2024. Pay decisions take into account results
delivered in the prior fiscal year in addition to pay positioning relative to competitive peer benchmarks.
Mr. Moeller’s annual salary increased by 3.1% to $1,650,000 based on a review of this element of his total
compensation versus peer market pay. For the other NEOs: Mr. Schulten’s annual salary increased by 5.0% to
$1,050,000, Mr. Jejurikar’s salary increased by 4.4% to $1,175,000, Ms. Davis’s salary increased by 7.1% to $910,000,
and Mr. Raman’s salary increased by 8.1% to $930,000. Salary positioning was based on each NEO’s individual
performance and pay positioning relative to the competitive pay market.
STAR ANNUAL BONUS
The STAR program links a substantial portion of each NEO’s annual cash compensation to the Company’s
performance for the fiscal year. The program focuses on the achievement of business unit results (weighted as
applicable for each NEO) but also includes a component that measures the performance of the overall Company.
An ESG Factor measures total Company progress towards key ESG metrics in the prior fiscal year and modifies the
final Total Company Performance Factor. STAR awards are generally paid in cash, but executives can also elect to
receive all or part of their awards in stock options or nonqualified deferred compensation.
STAR awards for NEOs are calculated using the following formula:
Total
Company
STAR Business Unit Performance STAR
TARGET Performance Factor (30%) AWARD
Factor (70%)
Includes ESG
Factor
The basis for each element of STAR is:
STAR Target• The C&LD Committee sets STAR targets for NEOs using annual incentive benchmarks for similar
positions in our compensation peer group.
2025 Proxy Statement 44