ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Brett Biggs Sheila Bonini
Independent Director Independent Director
since 2023 since 2023
Age 57 Age 61
Mr. Biggs is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Ms. Bonini is Senior Vice President of Private Sector
Financial Officer of Walmart, Inc. (global retailer), a role he Engagement for World Wildlife Fund (nonprofit
held from 2016 until June 2022, when he assumed the conservation organization), a role she has held since 2016.
position of Executive Advisor until his retirement in Previously, she served as Chief Executive Officer of The
January 2023. Prior to his time as CFO of Walmart, Inc., Sustainability Consortium, a global nonprofit organization
Mr. Biggs served as CFO of Walmart International from 2014 focused on making consumer products more sustainable,
to 2016 and of Walmart U.S. from 2012 to 2014. He also served from 2014 to 2016. Prior to this role, Ms. Bonini spent more
as Senior Vice President Operations for Sam’s Club from 2010 than fifteen years with McKinsey & Company (consulting) in
to 2012. During his more than 20-year career with Walmart, roles in the United States, Europe, and South America,
Mr. Biggs held several other leadership roles, including CFO including serving as a Senior Expert Consultant in the firm’s
of Sam’s Club, Senior Vice President – Corporate Finance and Sustainability and Resource Productivity Practice, as
Assistant Treasurer, and Senior Vice President – International co-leader of its Sustainability Transformation Service, and as
Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions. Prior to joining a Senior Expert Consultant in its Strategy Practice focusing
Walmart in 2000, Mr. Biggs worked in roles related to on Regulatory and Business in Society. Ms. Bonini holds a
corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions with degree in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University and
Leggett & Platt (manufacturing), Phillips Petroleum Co., and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of
Price Waterhouse. In addition to his private sector work, Business and began her career working in investment
Mr. Biggs previously served on the American Red Cross banking with Goldman Sachs Group and Merrill Lynch. She
Board of Governors, on the Board of Regents at Pepperdine currently serves on the boards of The Sustainability
University, and on the Board of Trustees of the National Consortium and the High Meadows Institute, a policy
Urban League. institute focused on the role of business leadership in
creating a sustainable society.
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Mr. Biggs is a seasoned leader and financial expert, having SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
served as CFO of one of the world’s largest multinational Throughout much of her career, Ms. Bonini has focused on
companies in the consumer industry/retail space and the intersection of environmental sustainability and value
holding multiple CFO and related executive roles at creation. In her role with WWF-US, Ms. Bonini oversees a
Walmart, its subsidiaries, and other organizations during his broad global portfolio of partnerships with leading
career. As a result, Mr. Biggs contributes significant insight companies from around the world, focusing on driving
and expertise related to complex financial matters, including sustainability efforts across climate, nature, and people in
accounting and financial reporting, tax, treasury, and capital both company supply chains and in consumer habits and
strategy. In addition, Mr. Biggs has demonstrated leadership, choices. This work, coupled with her prior leadership of The
strategy, and risk management experience, having served Sustainability Consortium, where she focused on strategies
on Walmart’s senior leadership team and in numerous to transform consumer goods across the full product
strategy-related positions. His global experience, gained as lifecycle, and her multiple international consulting roles with
CFO of Walmart International and through his leadership of McKinsey, enable her to contribute valuable environmental
Walmart’s expansion and partnerships in countries like sustainability, marketing, and regulatory experience and
Japan, China, India, the United Kingdom, and Brazil, enable insight to the Board. Additionally, as a proven leader,
him to bring critical perspective on the challenges and strategic advisor, and well-regarded expert, Ms. Bonini
opportunities facing multinationals. Mr. Biggs also contributes meaningful leadership, strategy, and risk
contributes unique digital/technology and corporate management skills across business and sustainability
governance insights, having served as a key leader during matters, drawing upon her experience and education in
Walmart’s transition from traditional brick and mortar to finance-related fields to provide value-driven insights and
broader omnichannel retail operations, as a member of the perspective.
board of Walmart’s FinTech startup joint venture with Ribbit
Committees: Governance & Public Responsibility,
Capital, and as a director at Adobe, Inc., one of the world’s
Innovation & Technology
largest digital media and digital experience software
companies.
Other Public Company Boards: J.B. Hunt Transport Services,
Inc. (since April 2025), YUM! Brands, Inc. (since 2023), Adobe,
Inc. (2022 to April 2025)
Committees: Audit, Innovation & Technology
2025 Proxy Statement 12