EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
All equity awards listed in the previous table are governed by the employee stock plan under which the award was
granted. The scenarios described in the table assume that former employees comply with the terms and
conditions of the applicable employee stock plan, including compliance with the Company’s Purpose, Values, and
Principles and restrictions on competing with the Company following termination of employment. Failure to
comply with any of these provisions can result in forfeiture and/or cancellation of outstanding equity awards,
subject to applicable law.
RETIREMENT PLANS AND OTHER DEFERRED COMPENSATION
The retirement plans in which the NEOs participate do not discriminate in scope, terms, or operation for NEOs
versus all other participants. All NEOs who participate are fully vested in the PST and will retain all shares upon
termination of employment regardless of reason. Because all NEOs have met the vesting conditions, their PST
Restoration and IRP RSUs are non-forfeitable.
Salary and STAR bonuses deferred under the EDCP have been earned and therefore are retained upon
termination for any reason. Similarly, amounts deferred under the PSP have been earned and are retained upon
termination for any reason. Vested amounts related to deferred compensation plans are not included in the
following table because they are reported in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table.
EXECUTIVE BENEFITS
• Executive Group Life Insurance — Benefits are retained if the employee is eligible for early retirement.
• Unused Vacation — The employee is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the value of accrued, but
unused, vacation days.
• Other Programs — In most cases, participation ends on the last day worked, unless otherwise agreed to by
the C&LD Committee.
EXPATRIATE AND RELOCATION PROGRAM
If an employee’s expatriate assignment were to terminate for any reason, the Company would pay for relocation to
the home country and would cover future taxes related to the expatriate assignment in excess of amounts
withheld by the Company for estimated taxes.
2025 Proxy Statement 72