EXHIBIT A
Exhibit A
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The following provides definitions of the non-GAAP measures used in this proxy statement and the reconciliation
to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful perspective
of underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a
supplemental measure of year-on-year results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by
management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes.
These measures may be useful to investors, as they provide supplemental information about business
performance and provide investors a view of our business results through the eyes of management. These
measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-risk
compensation. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered in place of the related GAAP
measure, but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP measures may not be
the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or
events being adjusted. Note that certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding.
The Core earnings measures included refer to the equivalent GAAP measures adjusted as applicable for the
following items:
• Incremental restructuring: The Company has historically had an ongoing level of restructuring activities of
approximately $250-$500 million before tax. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a
limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets,
including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the
period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with
the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina. The adjustment to Core earnings includes only the
restructuring costs above the normal recurring level of restructuring costs.
• Intangible asset impairment: In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recognized a non-cash,
after-tax impairment charge of $1.0 billion ($1.3 billion before tax) to adjust the carrying value of the Gillette
indefinite-lived intangible asset acquired as part of the Company’s 2005 acquisition of The Gillette Company.
We do not view the above items to be part of our sustainable results, and their exclusion from Core earnings
measures provides a more comparable measure of year-on-year results. These items are also excluded when
evaluating senior management in determining their at-risk compensation.
The non-GAAP measures provided are as follows:
Organic sales growth: Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of
acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. We believe that this
measure provides investors with a supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales
growth on a consistent basis. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk
compensation.
Constant currency core before-tax operating profit: Constant currency core before-tax operating profit is a
measure of the Company’s operating profit excluding the incremental current year impact of foreign exchange
and other items as indicated above. Management believes this non-GAAP measure provides a supplemental
perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
2025 Proxy Statement A-1