VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION
14.
WHY WERE MY PROXY MATERIALS INCLUDED IN THE SAME ENVELOPE AS
OTHER PEOPLE AT MY ADDRESS?
Shareholders of record who have the same address and last name and have not previously requested
electronic delivery of proxy materials will receive a single envelope containing the Notices for all
shareholders having that address. The Notice for each shareholder will include that shareholder’s unique
control number needed to vote their shares. This procedure reduces our printing costs and postage fees. If
you prefer to receive a separate copy of the proxy materials, please call us toll-free at (800) 742-6253 in the
U.S. or inform us in writing at: The Procter & Gamble Company Shareholder Services, c/o EQ Shareowner
Services, P.O. Box 64874, St. Paul, MN 55164- 0874, or by email at www.shareowneronline.com (select
“Email” under the “Contact Us” section). We will promptly deliver a separate copy of the proxy materials in
response to any such request.
If, in the future, you do not wish to participate in householding, you should contact us at the above
telephone number, address, or email.
For those shareholders who have the same address and last name and who request to receive a printed
copy of the proxy materials by mail, we will send only one copy of such materials to each address unless
one or more of those shareholders notifies us, in the same manner described above, that they wish to
receive a printed copy for each shareholder at that address.
Beneficial owners can request information about householding from their banks, brokers, or other
holders of record.
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
Please vote your proxy promptly so your shares can be represented, even if you plan to attend
the virtual annual meeting. You can vote by Internet, by telephone, or by requesting a printed
copy of the proxy materials and using the enclosed proxy card. Our proxy tabulator, Broadridge
Financial Solutions, must receive any proxy that will not be voted at the annual meeting by
11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on Monday, October 13, 2025.
101 The Procter & Gamble Company