EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
(1) STAR awards previously elected in stock options would vest and become exercisable immediately upon death. No other amounts are included
for STAR because the NEO would be entitled to the same payment whether or not separation occurred on June 30, 2025.
(2) Upon voluntary separation or termination, all outstanding awards would be forfeited. In the event of a Company encouraged separation,
retirement, or disability, all unvested awards are retained (except for the current year grant if separation occurs before the first anniversary of
the grant date, in which case such grant will be prorated based on the number of days worked during the year). These events do not trigger
any change in the original payment terms of the awards. The amounts shown for LTIP in the event of Company-encouraged separation,
retirement, or disability represents the value of the unexercisable stock options and undelivered RSUs as of June 30, 2025 that would be
retained at separation and pay out according to the original terms and timing of the grants. Awards vest in full and become immediately
exercisable in the event of death or change in control with termination for reasons other than cause or resignation for good reason.
(3) Upon voluntary separation or termination, all outstanding awards are forfeited. In the event of Company-encouraged separation, retirement, or
disability, all unvested awards are retained (except for the current year grant if separation occurs before the first anniversary of the grant date,
in which case such grant will be prorated based on the number of days worked during the year). In the event of death, all unvested awards are
retained. These events (written separation, retirement, disability, and death) do not trigger any change in the original payment terms of the
awards. In the event of a change in control, assumed PSP awards granted on or after October 2023 will vest according to original terms unless
termination without cause or resignation with “good reason,” in which case the awards will vest based on actual results through the date of
termination (or, if actual results cannot be calculated, based on target). For any outstanding PSP awards, amounts are shown at target.
Pay Ratio
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and
Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship between the
annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of the CEO position. The pay
ratio was calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K and based upon our reasonable
judgment and assumptions.
For FY 2024-25, the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company (other than our
CEO) was $79,510, and the annual total compensation of the CEO was $21,909,816. Based on this information, the
ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of employees
was 276 to 1.
In accordance with SEC requirements, we have determined that there have been no changes to our employee
population or compensation arrangements in FY 2024-25 that we believe would significantly affect our pay ratio
disclosure. In determining our pay ratio for FY 2024-25, we used the same median employee as was identified last
year according to the process outlined below.
To identify the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, we determined that, as of April 1,
2024, our employee population consisted of approximately 106,890 active employees working at our parent
company and consolidated subsidiaries. Applying the de minimis exemption under the rule, we chose to exclude
approximately 4,926 employees in 33 countries where payroll data is maintained outside the system that holds
data for the majority of our employees, or less than 5% of the total.1
To identify the “median employee” from the resulting population of approximately 101,964 employees, we selected
Total Gross Pay as the consistently applied compensation measure. Total Gross Pay reflects a wide variety of pay
items, including monthly and bi-weekly wages earned, time-related bonuses (such as overtime, shift premiums,
holiday bonuses), vacation pay, bonuses, stock option exercises, and other benefits and allowances. Because pay
periods vary across jurisdictions, we measured Total Gross Pay using a three-month period covering January,
February, and March 2024. For purposes of determining the consistently applied compensation measure, we
converted the gross salary amounts from the local currency paid in the country into U.S. dollar amounts using an
average of the exchange rates at the end of each month in the three-month period.
With respect to the annual total compensation of the “median employee,” we identified and calculated the
elements of such employee’s compensation for FY 2024-25 in accordance with the requirements of Item
402(c)(2)(x) of Regulation S-K. With respect to the annual total compensation of our CEO, we used the amount from
the “Total” column (column (j)) of our FY 2024-25 Summary Compensation Table included in this Proxy Statement.
1. We excluded the following approximate number of employees by jurisdiction: Turkey, 624; Austria, 560; United Arab Emirates, 541; Czech
Republic, 510; Pakistan; 496; Ukraine, 407; Greece, 365; South Africa, 351; Morocco, 152; Portugal, 139; Netherlands, 137; Sweden, 120; Serbia, 61;
Croatia, 49; Kazakhstan, 49; Ecuador, 46; Bulgaria, 45; Venezuela, 44; Israel, 42; Slovakia, 41; Nigeria, 32; Denmark, 26; Azerbaijan, 25; Finland, 17;
Latvia, 11; Norway, 10; Dominican Republic, 8; El Salvador, 5; Honduras, 5; Kenya, 4; Bangladesh, 2; Algeria, 1; Luxembourg, 1.
2025 Proxy Statement 74