EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Procter & Gamble Global International Retirement
Arrangement Plan (“Global IRA”)
The Global IRA is designed to provide a supplemental retirement benefit to certain employees who permanently
transfer from one country to another country during the course of their employment with the Company. The
Global IRA is an unfunded plan that is maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation
for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. The benefit is intended to provide a
supplement to mitigate any adverse impact to total pension value caused by moving between home countries.
The program is closed to new participants. To calculate the Global IRA benefit, first a Global IRA target is calculated
using the following formula:
Accrual Years of
Last 3 Years Global
Rate for Service in
Average IRA
Final Home Previous Home
Salary Target
Country Countries
The Global IRA target is converted to a present-day lump sum amount using actuarial factors. This lump sum
amount is reduced by the present-day lump sum value of certain benefits earned while working in previous home
countries (such as Company-provided and government-provided pension benefits), as well as other actuarial
factors and assumptions, which may change from time to time. The reduced lump sum amount is the Global IRA
benefit.
The Procter & Gamble Pension Fund (Germany) (“German
Pension Plan”)
The German Pension Plan is a defined benefit plan for Germany-based employees hired after December 31, 1991.
The German Pension Plan provides for post-retirement payments based on the employee’s pensionable income
and years of service at the time of retirement.
Pensionable Income under the plan is the 36-month average of base salary plus additional 13th and 14th month
salaries. For each year of credited service, the pension benefit is calculated as follows:
• 0.5% x Pensionable Income below the 36th month average of statutory social security contribution ceiling
(“SSCC”), plus
• 1.5% x Pensionable Income above the 36th month average SSCC.
The benefit begins to pay out at retirement, and the normal retirement age for the plan is 65. There is a surviving
spouse benefit (60%) and an orphan benefit (20%) under the plan. Pension payments are checked every third year
against the development of the German cost of living index and are increased appropriately according to German
law.
2025 Proxy Statement 68