COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Establishing Peer Groups and Market-Based Compensation
The C&LD Committee structures executive compensation so that total targeted annual cash and long-term
compensation opportunities are competitive with the targets for comparable positions at companies considered
to be our peers, based on criteria described below. The C&LD Committee sets targets for each element of
compensation considering the same elements of compensation paid to those holding similar roles at companies
in our peer group, focusing on positions with similar management and revenue responsibility. For the CEO’s
compensation analysis, the C&LD Committee considers the Company’s revenue, market capitalization, and
relative performance compared to our peer group.
In February 2024, the C&LD Committee determined the peer group to be used for FY 2024-25 compensation
decisions (the “compensation peer group”) based on global companies that meet the following criteria:
• Have revenue and/or market capitalization comparable to the Company;
• Compete with the Company in the marketplace for business and investment capital;
• Compete with the Company for executive talent; and
• Have generally similar pay models. We do not compare with companies in the financial services or insurance
industries, where the mix of pay elements or program structure is generally materially different from our mix
of pay elements and program structure.
Each year, the C&LD Committee evaluates and, if appropriate, updates the composition of the compensation peer
group. Changes to the compensation peer group are carefully considered and made infrequently to ensure
continuity from year to year. For compensation decisions made in FY 2024-25, the Committee did not make any
changes to the peer group.
Peer Group for Relative Organic Sales Growth and Relative TSR
Multiplier
The Company also establishes a peer group to calculate Relative Organic Sales Growth and the Relative TSR
Multiplier used in our PSP formula. These companies are ones with which we compete in the marketplace. For
multi-category marketplace peers, to the extent possible, sales from only the relevant competing categories are
used for purposes of Relative Organic Sales Growth comparisons.
Peer Group for Relative Organic Sales Growth and TSR
Peer Group for FY 2024-25 Compensation Decisions Multiplier for FY 2024-27 Performance Period
3M Kimberly-Clark* Beiersdorf L’Oreal
Abbott Laboratories McDonald’s Church & Dwight Reckitt-Benckiser
Boeing Merck Clorox Unicharm**
Chevron Microsoft Colgate-Palmolive* Unilever
Coca-Cola Mondelez Edgewell
Colgate-Palmolive* Nike Essity
ExxonMobil PepsiCo Haleon
HP Pfizer Henkel
Home Depot Thermo Fisher Scientific Kao
Intel Verizon Kenvue
Johnson & Johnson Walmart Kimberly-Clark*
* Shared companies between both peer groups
** Peer for relative TSR only
55 The Procter & Gamble Company