CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
leaders, focusing on ensuring mitigation steps are on track and remain sufficient to mitigate the risk consistent
with the plans shared with the Board. This enterprise-level review program complements the Company’s ongoing
GIA-led risk assurance activities.
In addition, under the auspices of the Audit Committee, the Company’s Ethics & Compliance
Committee—comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief
Human Resources Officer, and Chief Legal Officer—oversees the development, execution, assessment, and
effectiveness of the Company’s Ethics & Compliance Program as it relates to applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, the Worldwide Business Conduct Manual, and other key Company policies. In so doing, the
Committee periodically reviews topics such as incident data, specific initiatives, key policy revisions or exception
approvals, and compliance risks. Further, the Company’s Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer and the Senior Vice
President for Global Internal Audit, both of whom are directly accountable to the Audit Committee in addition to
reporting to the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, help ensure that key risks are
identified, reviewed, and escalated to the Board and its Committees on both a standing and ad hoc basis.
Selected Areas of Oversight
SUCCESSION PLANNING
Ensuring that the Company has skilled, seasoned leaders in its executive ranks and talent pipeline is a critical
aspect of the Company’s long-term strategy and success. Underscoring this importance, the Board, with
assistance from the C&LD Committee, directly oversees succession planning for all executive officers, including the
CEO. To support its oversight and planning, the Board, in both regular and executive sessions, reviews and
discusses the performance of and development plans for the Company’s senior executives. The Board also
interacts with these executives as part of Board business and functional reviews and in one-on-one meetings,
helping ensure that our Directors are familiar with not only these individuals’ business results but also their
broader leadership, management, and personal skills.
In order to ensure a strong pipeline for future succession, the C&LD Committee also reviews with the CEO and the
CHRO the Company’s high-performing next generation talent across business units, markets, and functions to
ensure that appropriate development plans are in place for the next generation of leadership.
COMPENSATION-RELATED RISK
As part of its risk oversight responsibilities, the C&LD Committee annually reviews the Company’s compensation
policies and practices. In FY 2024-25, the C&LD Committee employed Meridian Compensation Partners
(“Meridian”) as its independent compensation consultant. Meridian reviewed and reported on all of the Company’s
executive compensation programs, including the potential risks and other impacts of incentives created by the
programs. For more details on the arrangement with Meridian, please see the section entitled “Role of
Compensation Consultant” in the Compensation Discussion & Analysis (“CD&A”) section of this proxy statement.
The independent compensation consultant’s review included an analysis of the Company’s short-, medium-, and
long-term compensation programs covering key program details, performance factors for each program, target
award ranges, maximum funding levels, and plan administrative oversight and control requirements. Key
program elements assessed relating to potential compensation risks were pay mix, performance metrics,
performance goals and payout curves, payment timing and adjustments, severance packages, equity incentives,
stock ownership requirements, prohibitions on hedging and pledging, and trading policies. Members of
management also performed a risk assessment of the Company’s other compensation programs including
incentive programs from acquisitions, cost of programs, design elements, payment authorizations, and overall
confirmation that plans do not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. The results of the consultant’s
analysis of the Company’s executive compensation programs, as well as management’s review of the Company’s
other compensation programs, were shared with the C&LD Committee, which concluded that the Company’s
compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
31 The Procter & Gamble Company