EXHIBIT C
12.2 Value of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards.
(a) Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of Shares or units based on
Shares, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
(b) Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a payment amount or payment range as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. If the Committee exercises its discretion to
establish performance goals, the value of Cash-Based Awards that shall be paid to the Participant
will depend on the extent to which such performance goals are met.
12.3 Payment of Other Stock-Based Awards and Cash-Based Awards. Payment, if any, with
respect to Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards shall be made in accordance with the terms of the
applicable Award Agreement, in cash, Shares or a combination of both as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion.
ARTICLE 13 VESTING
Each Award under this Plan shall be subject to a vesting period of at least one (1) year, provided,
however, that this minimum vesting period shall not apply to (a) early vesting by reason of death or Change in
Control, or (b) any Awards granted up to a maximum of five percent (5%) of the Shares available for issuance under
the Plan. An Award made to a Non-employee Director with a vesting period at least equal to the period from the
annual shareholders’ meeting at which the Award is granted to the next annual shareholders’ meeting shall be
considered to have a vesting period of at least one (1) year. For the avoidance of doubt, any Awards that cease to
be subject to a risk of forfeiture upon Retirement, involuntary termination, or another event, but that are not
settled before the original vesting period of at least one (1) year has elapsed, shall be considered to be subject to a
vesting period of at least one (1) year for purposes of this paragraph.
ARTICLE 14 DIVIDENDS AND DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS
Except for Options and SARs, the Committee may grant Dividend Equivalents to a Participant based on
the dividends declared on Shares that are subject to any Award granted to the Participant, with such Dividend
Equivalents credited to the Participant as of the applicable dividend payment dates that occur during a period
determined by the Committee. Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to and paid in cash or additional Shares or
Awards by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the
Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends and Dividend Equivalents with respect to any Award shall
be subject to the same vesting and, if applicable, performance conditions as the underlying Award and shall be
paid to a Participant at the same time as the underlying Award.
ARTICLE 15 TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS AND SHARES
15.1 Transferability of Awards. Except as provided in Section 15.2, during a Participant’s lifetime,
Options and SARs shall be exercisable only by the Participant personally, or, in the event of legal incompetence of
the Participant, by the Participant’s duly appointed legal guardian. Awards shall not be transferable other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution or, if permitted by the Committee and in the manner specified by the
Committee, by designation of a death beneficiary; and any purported transfer in violation of this Section 15.1 shall
be null and void. For purposes of exercising Options or Stock Appreciation Rights after the death of a Participant,
the Participant’s estate, personal representative or such other person entitled to succeed to the rights of the
Participant pursuant to this Section 15.1 may exercise such rights, whether or not exercisable on the date of death
of such Participant, at any time prior to the expiration date of the Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. The
Committee may, in its discretion, require the Participant, the Participant’s estate, personal representative or such
other person asserting their rights under this Section 15.1 to provide certain records, documents and other
information for purposes of exercising such rights.
2025 Proxy Statement C-13