BOARD PROPOSALS
Burn Rate and Dilution
To ensure our equity incentive plans are in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders, we regularly
review our burn rate and overhang for consistency with our compensation peer group and to make certain our
Plan strikes the appropriate balance for our shareholders.
BURN RATE
The burn rate is the annual rate at which a company grants equity. The simple burn rate counts both stock options
and full value shares as one share over the course of one year. Our historical annual burn rates have been consistently
in line with burn rates at our compensation peer companies, indicating good stewardship of equity in our incentive
programs.
Simple
Fiscal year Burn Rate
2020-2021 0.56%
2021-2022 0.68%
2022-2023 0.51%
2023-2024 0.46%
2024-2025 0.44%
OVERHANG
Overhang, or dilution, is equal to the number of shares subject to outstanding equity awards plus the number of
shares available to be granted, divided by shares of common stock outstanding at the end of the fiscal year. This
number can be an indication of potential shareholder dilution. Our current overhang of approximately 6.9% is
slightly higher than our compensation peer group, primarily due to employees holding their stock option awards
for a much longer period than typical. Our employees hold option awards on average eight to nine years before
exercising. We view this as a vote of confidence of our employees in the long-term success of the Company.
If shareholders approve the 2025 Plan, the issuance of 175 million fungible shares under the 2025 Plan would
increase our total potential dilution rate by 7.5% to 14.4%. This number decreases as awards vest and/or settle, and
when stock options are exercised.
Actual dilution will depend on several factors, the most important of which is the type of awards made under the
2025 Plan. This is because the 2025 Plan uses a fungible share pool, under which each share issued pursuant to a
stock option or SAR will reduce the number of shares available under the 2025 Plan by one share, and each share
issued pursuant to full-value awards to be settled in shares will reduce the number of shares available by five
shares.
EXPECTED PLAN DURATION
Based on our historic and projected future use of equity-based compensation, we estimate that the shares
requested under the Plan combined with the shares remaining from the 2019 Plan will be sufficient to provide
awards for up to ten years. However, the actual duration of the shares reserve will depend on currently unknown
factors, such as the Company’s future stock price, changes in participation, our hiring and promotion activity,
future grant practices, award type mix and levels, competitive market practices, acquisitions and divestitures, the
rate of returned shares due to forfeitures, the need to attract, retain and incentivize key talent, and how the
Company chooses to balance total compensation between cash and equity-based awards.
89 The Procter & Gamble Company