EXHIBIT C
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any
successor act thereto and the rules and regulations promulgated thereto.
“Fair Market Value” means, as applied to a specific date, the price of a Share that is based on the
opening, closing, actual, high, low or average selling prices of a Share reported on any established stock exchange
or national market system including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange and the National Market
System of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System on the applicable date,
the preceding trading day, the next succeeding trading day, or an average of trading days, as determined by the
Committee in its discretion. Unless the Committee determines otherwise or unless otherwise specified in an
Award Agreement, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be equal to the closing price of a Share on the most
recent date on which Shares were publicly traded.
“Good Reason” means the occurrence, during the two-year period commencing on the date of a
Change in Control, of any of the following without a Participant’s written consent, in each case, when compared to
the arrangements in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control:
(a) a material reduction in the Participant’s total compensation (defined as the sum of
base salary, target annual bonus, and target long-term incentive award);
(b) a material diminution in the Participant’s duties, responsibilities or authority; or
(c) a relocation of more than 50 miles from the Participant’s principal work location.
“Grant Date” means the date an Award is granted to a Participant pursuant to the Plan.
“Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an Option granted pursuant to Article 7 that is designated as
an Incentive Stock Option and that is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 422 or any successor
provision.
“Non-employee Director” means a Director who is not an Employee.
“Nonqualified Stock Option” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 7 that is not intended to
meet the requirements of Code Section 422, or that otherwise does not meet such requirements.
“Option” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 7, which Award may be an Incentive Stock
Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option.
“Option Price” means the price at which a Share may be purchased by a Participant pursuant to an
Option.
“Other Stock-Based Award” means an equity-based or equity-related Award not otherwise described
by the terms of this Plan that is granted pursuant to Article 12.
“Participant” means any eligible individual as set forth in Article 5 to whom an Award is granted.
“Performance Stock Unit” means an Award granted pursuant to Article 11.
“Period of Restriction” means the period when Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are subject
to a substantial risk of forfeiture (based on the passage of time, the achievement of performance goals or upon the
occurrence of other events as determined by the Committee, in its discretion) as provided in Articles 9 and 10.
“Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a) (9) of the Exchange Act and
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a “group” as defined in Section 13(d) thereof.
“Plan” means The Procter & Gamble Company 2025 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as the
same may be amended from time to time.
“Prior Plans” means The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, The Procter &
Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, and The Procter & Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive
Compensation Plan.
C-4 The Procter & Gamble Company