DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
(2) Upon election at the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders, each elected Director was awarded a $220,000 grant of RSUs, which vest
after one year as long as the Director remains on the Board. If a Director leaves the Board on good terms prior to the one-year vest period, the
Director will retain a pro-rata portion of the RSU grant based on time served. These RSUs do not deliver in shares until at least one year after the
Director leaves the Board and cannot be sold or traded until delivered in shares. The RSUs earn dividend equivalents that are subject to the
same vesting provision as the underlying RSUs and are accrued in the form of additional RSUs each quarter and credited to each Director’s
holdings. Other than Mr. Arnold, each Director has 1,334 unvested RSUs outstanding (representing the grant on October 8, 2024, and
subsequent dividend equivalents) as of June 30, 2025. Mr. Arnold, who joined the Board on June 9, 2025 and received a pro-rated grant of RSUs,
has 466 unvested RSUs outstanding.
(3) For all Board meetings throughout the fiscal year, Directors were entitled to travel with a guest as long as the Director used the Company
aircraft to attend the meeting and the guest’s attendance did not result in any incremental aircraft costs. Directors are also covered under the
same insurance policy as all Company employees for accidental death while traveling on Company business (coverage is $750,000 for each
Director). The incremental cost to the Company for this benefit is $3,047 (plus an additional $1,404 if they travel with a guest). In addition, the
Company maintains a Charitable Awards Program for current and retired Directors who were participants prior to July 1, 2003. Under this
program, at their death, the Company donates $1,000,000 per Director divided among up to five qualifying charitable organizations selected by
each Director. Directors derive no financial benefit from the program because the charitable deductions accrue solely to the Company. The
Company funds this contribution from general corporate assets. In FY 2024-25, no payments were made.
2025 Proxy Statement 38