EXHIBIT C
21.12 Retirement and Welfare Plans. Neither Awards made under this Plan nor Shares or cash
paid pursuant to such Awards may be included as “compensation” for purposes of computing the benefits
payable to any Participant under the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s retirement plans (both qualified and
nonqualified) or welfare benefit plans unless such other plan expressly provides that such compensation shall be
taken into account in computing a Participant’s benefit.
21.13 Deferred Compensation. It is intended that any Award under this Plan shall either be exempt
from Code Section 409A or shall comply, in form and operation, with Code Section 409A. If a Participant is a
“specified employee” as defined under Code Section 409A and the Participant’s Award is to be settled on account
of the Participant’s separation from service (for reasons other than death) and such Award constitutes “deferred
compensation” as defined under Code Section 409A, then any portion of the Participant’s Award that would
otherwise be settled during the six-month period commencing on the Participant’s separation from service shall
be settled as soon as practicable following the conclusion of the six-month period (or following the Participant’s
death if it occurs during such six-month period). Any Awards that are subject to Code Section 409A shall be
interpreted in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A.
21.14 Nonexclusivity of this Plan. The adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any
limitations on the power of the Board or Committee to adopt such other compensation arrangements as it may
deem desirable for any Participant.
21.15 No Constraint on Corporate Action. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to: (i) limit,
impair, or otherwise affect the Company’s or a Subsidiary’s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications,
reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structure, or to merge or consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell
or transfer all or any part of its business or assets; or (ii) limit the right or power of the Company or a Subsidiary to
take any action that such entity deems to be necessary or appropriate.
21.16 Governing Law. The Plan and each Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
state of Ohio excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or
interpretation of this Plan to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. Any legal action related to this Plan or the
Awards hereunder may be brought in any federal or state court located in Hamilton County, Ohio, USA, and by
accepting an Award, the Participant agrees to accept the jurisdiction of these courts and consents to service of
process from said courts solely for legal actions related to the Plan and any Awards.
21.17 Delivery and Execution of Electronic Documents. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the Company may (i) deliver by email or other electronic means (including posting on a website maintained by
the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company) all documents relating to the Plan or any
Award hereunder (including without limitation, prospectuses required by the Commission) and all other
documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including without limitation, annual
reports and proxy statements) and (ii) permit Participants to electronically execute applicable Plan documents
(including, but not limited to, Award Agreements).
21.18 No Representations or Warranties Regarding Tax Effect. Notwithstanding any provision of
the Plan to the contrary or any action taken by the Company, Subsidiaries, or the Board with respect to any
income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, or other tax, the acceptance of an Award under the Plan represents the
Participant’s acknowledgement that the ultimate liability for any such tax owed by the Participant is and remains
the Participant’s responsibility, and that the Company makes no representations or warranties about the tax
treatment of any Award, and does not commit to structure any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate a
Participant’s tax liability, including without limitation, under Code Sections 409A and 457A.
21.19 Successors. All obligations of the Company under this Plan with respect to Awards granted
hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the
result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business
and/or assets of the Company.
2025 Proxy Statement C-19