CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
active public company CEO may sit. As a result, Directors who are active CEOs of other public companies may sit
on no more than one additional outside public board (including their own company board), and other
non-employee Directors may sit on no more than three additional outside public boards. The Board must approve
any exception. Likewise, employee Directors may sit on no more than one additional outside public board, unless
an exception is granted by the majority of non-employee Directors.
In addition to the numerical limits, the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines generally require that a
Director or Director nominee should have sufficient time to devote to the affairs of the Company. Accordingly,
when nominating a Director, the G&PR Committee considers whether, in light of other commitments, the
nominee will have adequate time to serve. Further, in nominating an individual to serve as Lead Director or
Committee Chair, the G&PR Committee specifically considers that individual’s other public company board
leadership positions and outside time commitments to ensure sufficient time and availability to provide effective
and responsive leadership in the role. The G&PR Committee undertakes this review at least annually, generally
coinciding with its recommendation of Director nominees for election at the next annual shareholder meeting
and of the Board’s leadership structure. The Committee further considers an individual Director’s time
commitments throughout the year as circumstances warrant, such as a change in a Director’s external
responsibilities or in internal Board leadership positions.
This overall practice helps further our expectation that our Directors give appropriate time and attention to the
affairs of the Company, demonstrating strong engagement and high attendance. Each of our Director nominees
is currently compliant with the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines regarding their service on other
company boards.
23 The Procter & Gamble Company