COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
PROHIBITION OF USE OF COMPANY STOCK IN DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS
The Company’s Global Insider Trading Policy prohibits NEOs from engaging in derivative transactions involving
Company stock, including pledging, collars, short sales, hedging investments, and other derivative transactions.
Purchases and sales of Company stock by NEOs can only be made during the approximately one-month period
following a public earnings announcement or, if outside these window periods, with express permission from the
Company’s Legal Division or in accordance with a previously established trading plan that meets SEC requirements.
Tax Gross-Ups
Generally, the Company does not increase payments to any employees, including NEOs, to cover non-business-
related personal income taxes. However, certain expatriate allowances, relocation reimbursements, and tax
equalization payments are made to employees assigned to work outside their home countries, and the Company
will cover the personal income taxes due on these items in accordance with expatriate policy because there is a
business purpose to their relocations. In addition, from time to time, the Company may be required to pay
personal income taxes for certain separating executives hired through acquisitions in conjunction with
pre-existing contractual obligations.
Employment Contracts
The C&LD Committee believes employment contracts for executives are not necessary because our executives
have developed a focus on the Company’s long-term success. Moreover, the C&LD Committee does not provide
special executive severance payments, such as golden parachutes, to the Company’s executives. In the event the
Company encourages an NEO, or any other U.S. employee, to terminate employment with the Company (but not
for cause), that individual may receive, but is not guaranteed, a separation allowance of up to one year’s annual
salary, calculated based on years of service, and retention of outstanding equity.
Leadership and Executive Compensation Changes for FY 2025-26
Leadership Change. On July 28, 2025, the Company announced that the Board elected Mr. Jejurikar as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and elected Mr. Moeller as Executive Chairman of the Board, both
effective January 1, 2026. Accordingly, as of January 1, 2026, Mr. Jejurikar’s base salary will increase to $1,600,000,
and his STAR target will increase to 200% of his base salary. In relation to his election and in connection with the
Company’s annual grant cycle, Mr. Jejurikar will receive a long-term incentive award of $14,000,000, with
approximately 50% of the long-term incentive value in the PSP and 50% in LTIP. If elected to the Board by
shareholders in October 2025, Mr. Jejurikar will not receive any fees for his service on the Board of Directors. Also
effective January 1, 2026, Mr. Moeller’s base salary will be $1,200,000, and his STAR target will be 150% of his base
salary. In relation to his election and in connection with the Company’s annual grant cycle, Mr. Moeller will receive
a long-term incentive award of $15,000,000, with approximately 50% of the long-term incentive value in the PSP
and 50% in LTIP. The payout for the PSP grants made in FY 2025-26 will be made in August 2028 and will be based
on the achievement of the goals established for the three-year performance cycle. The compensation to be
realized from the LTIP grants will depend on the Company’s future stock price.
Peer Group for FY 2025-26 Compensation Decisions. In connection with its annual peer group review, in February
2025, the C&LD Committee modified the peer group used for compensation decisions by adding Eli Lilly and
removing Mondelez and 3M. The modified peer group will be used for compensation decisions in FY 2025-26.
STAR Total Company Performance Factor Change. In connection with its review of the Company’s compensation
structure, the C&LD Committee, upon recommendation from management, determined that the ESG Factor has
served its purpose by solidifying the integration of environmental, social, and governance priorities as part of the
Company’s objective to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line growth while serving the needs of all
stakeholders—consumers, customers, employees, society and shareowners. Effective with FY 2025-26, the STAR
Total Company Performance Factor for senior executives will no longer be modified by an ESG Factor.
57 The Procter & Gamble Company