CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
BOARD EVALUATION
In addition to regularly reviewing its leadership structure, the Board conducts an annual self-assessment of its
overall functioning and effectiveness. In order to maximize input and facilitate candid, useful feedback, the
Company’s Chief Legal Officer conducts one-on-one interviews with each Director. This feedback includes
comments on overall Board performance, Board priorities, interaction with management, Board discussion topics,
agendas, and processes, Board composition, Director contributions, and how to further improve overall Board
operations. The results of these interviews are aggregated and anonymized and then shared with the full Board
for review, discussion, and appropriate action. The Audit, C&LD, and G&PR Committees also conduct annual
assessments of their operations and effectiveness via one-on-one management interviews with each Committee
member.
The Board addresses items raised both through this formal evaluation process and through informal feedback as
warranted. For example, based on Director feedback, Directors were provided additional opportunities to visit
Company facilities outside of the Company headquarters, including one of the Company’s manufacturing plants
and one of its distribution centers. In addition, the G&PR Committee implemented additional enhancements to
the director recruitment process. Likewise, Director feedback informed Board and Committee agendas, resulting
in additional and expanded topics. Further, given the high level of recent Board refreshment, the Company
continued to provide opportunities for Directors to engage informally with one another outside the Boardroom.
Finally, if during the evaluation process or at any time any issue with regard to an individual Director is identified,
the Chairman or Lead Director will address such issue with the individual Director.
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The Board has determined that all of the Company’s Director nominees, with the exception of Mr. Moeller and
Mr. Jejurikar, are independent under the NYSE listing standards and the Board of Directors’ Guidelines for
Determining the Independence of its Members (the “Independence Guidelines”). All members of the Board’s
Audit, C&LD, G&PR , and I&T Committees are independent under the NYSE listing standards and Independence
Guidelines. All members of the Audit Committee and C&LD Committee are also compliant with the SEC’s
enhanced independence requirements for audit committee members and compensation committee members,
respectively. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Biggs and Ms. McCarthy meet the criteria for “Audit
Committee Financial Expert” as defined by SEC rules. The Board of Directors has also determined that all Audit
Committee members are financially literate.
In making these independence determinations, the Board applied the NYSE listing standards and the categorical
independence standards contained in the Independence Guidelines. Under the Independence Guidelines, certain
relationships were considered immaterial and, therefore, were not considered by the Board in determining
independence, but were reported to the Chair of the G&PR Committee. Applying the NYSE listing standards and
the Independence Guidelines, the Board determined that there are no transactions, relationships, or
arrangements that would impair the independence or judgment of any of the Director nominees deemed
independent by the Board.
Mr. Moeller is Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of the Company. Mr. Jejurikar is the Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. As employees of the Company, they cannot be deemed independent under the NYSE
listing standards or the Independence Guidelines.
SERVICE ON OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS AND OUTSIDE TIME COMMITMENTS
The Board believes that service on the boards of other public companies provides valuable governance and
leadership experience that ultimately benefits the Company. The Board also recognizes that serving on outside
public boards requires a significant commitment of time and attention, and therefore, in accordance with best
governance practices, limits Director participation on other public boards. In 2023, the Board updated the
Corporate Governance Guidelines to reduce the number of public company boards on which a Director who is an
2025 Proxy Statement 22