BOARD PROPOSALS
Summary of the 2025 Plan
The following is a summary of the basic features of the 2025 Plan. For additional information, please refer to the
specific provision of the full text of the 2025 Plan set forth in Exhibit C to this proxy statement.
ADMINISTRATION
The Compensation & Leadership Development Committee (the “C&LD Committee” or the “Committee”) will
administer the Plan. The Committee has the authority to:
• Select the Plan participants;
• Grant awards;
• Determine the amounts and form of award grants;
• Impose restrictions, terms, and conditions upon awards, including performance metrics and related targets;
• Make determinations necessary for administering the Plan;
• Establish administrative regulations consistent with the Plan;
• Amend the Plan or any award agreement consistent with the Plan;
• Establish any sub-plans or special provisions applicable to awards granted outside the U.S.; and
• Designate employees of the Company to assist in the administration and operation of the Plan.
Please refer to the 2025 Plan in Exhibit C for a full description of the Committee’s authority.
ELIGIBILITY
The participants in the Plan shall be non-employee Directors and those employees who, in the opinion of the
Committee, have demonstrated a capacity for contributing in a substantial manner to the success of the
Company. This currently includes 14 non-employee Directors and approximately 6,800 employees, or
approximately 6% of the Company’s key managers who receive awards on an annual basis. Also included are
45,000 employees currently eligible for cash bonuses who can elect to take all or part of their bonuses in stock
options issued pursuant to the Plan. Of these 45,000 employees, approximately 10%, or 4,500, elect to take some or
all of their annual bonus in stock options.
SHARES AVAILABLE AND INDIVIDUAL AWARD LIMITS
The Plan permits the award of up to 175 million new stock option shares. In addition, the shares remaining under
the 2019 Plan may be awarded under the 2025 Plan.
All stock options and SARs granted under the Plan shall be counted against the aggregate number of shares on a
one-for-one basis while all other full-value awards to be settled in shares shall be counted as five (5) shares for each
share awarded. The 5:1 ratio means that only 35 million new shares could be awarded as full value shares or up to
175 million shares if all awards were granted as stock options. The maximum value of shares with respect to which
awards may be granted to any non-employee Director in any calendar year shall not exceed $1 million. The
maximum number of shares with respect to which stock options or SARs may be granted to any employee
participant in any calendar year shall be 2,000,000 shares. For any awards other than stock options or SARs and
that are denominated in shares, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be delivered pursuant to
such awards granted in any calendar year shall be 400,000 shares for any employee participant. For any awards
that are denominated in cash, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid with respect to all such
awards granted to an employee participant in any calendar year shall be $20 million. No more than 100,000,000
shares shall be available for delivery with respect to Incentive Stock Options (as defined in the 2025 Plan). The
share maximums and share limits described above are subject to adjustment for any changes in the Company’s
equity structure, such as a stock split, or in the event of a corporate transaction.
2025 Proxy Statement 90