Your Board is highly engaged, providing oversight as we refine the
execution of the Company’s integrated strategy. For example, as
described further in this proxy statement, the Board regularly meets
with members of senior management to review business plans and
address the challenges that lie ahead. Through diligent oversight >50%
and a commitment to good governance, the Board remains
dedicated to ensuring that we align our initiatives with our long-
term strategy while effectively managing risks along the way.
We believe it is important to have a Board that not only meets the
OF OUR DIRECTOR
current needs of the Company and its shareholders but can also
NOMINEES HAVE PUBLIC
anticipate and prepare for the demands of the future. Our Board
members bring a wealth of skills and expertise as well as a diversity COMPANY CEO or CFO
in their backgrounds and experiences. This composition allows us to EXPERIENCE
leverage the unique and important perspectives of each Board
member to drive the business forward and ultimately better delight
the billions of consumers we serve around the world.
In July, we announced that I will transition into the role of Executive
Chairman of the Board, beginning January 1, 2026, and that the
Board has elected Shailesh Jejurikar as the incoming President and
Chief Executive Officer. This move has been thoughtfully planned
and provides P&G with highly capable and experienced leadership
going forward. In connection with this change, the Board has also
“My fellow Board
nominated Shailesh to serve as a Director. Shailesh has a
distinguished track record throughout his 36-year P&G career and members and I remain
has been an integral part of P&G’s leadership team for the past 12
years. With his proven leadership and transformative impact, confident that P&G’s
Shailesh is exceptionally well prepared to guide the Company in its
strategic choices are the
next chapter as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the
Board of Directors.
right ones and confident
Looking ahead, P&G is well positioned to capture the significant
in the power of P&G
growth opportunities in our categories and overcome the
challenges of the external environment. My fellow Board members people to execute with
and I remain confident that P&G’s strategic choices are the right
ones and confident in the power of P&G people to execute with excellence.”
excellence. We will stay the course, as our strategy is designed to
flex and adapt to changes and volatility in the world around us, and
we will deliver for our stakeholders—consumers, customers, society,
employees and shareowners.
Thank you for your investment and your continued confidence in
our Company.
JON R. MOELLER
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer