COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Compensation Discussion
and Analysis
The focus of this discussion and analysis is on the Company’s compensation philosophies and programs for its named
executive officers (“NEOs”) for FY 2024-25.
Jon R. Moeller Andre Schulten Shailesh Jejurikar Jennifer L. Davis Sundar Raman
Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Chief Operating Chief Executive Officer – Chief Executive Officer –
President and Chief Officer Officer Health Care Fabric and Home Care
Executive Officer
Leadership Changes
As announced on July 28, 2025, the Board elected Mr. Jejurikar as President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Moeller
as Executive Chairman, both effective January 1, 2026.
Financial Highlights1
Execution of our integrated strategy enabled the Company to deliver continued growth and return significant cash to
shareowners in a challenging environment. We have a focused portfolio of daily use products that provide health,
hygiene, and cleaning benefits in categories where performance drives brand choice. We are creating superior
performing products that are delivered with superior packaging, consumer communication, retail execution, and value.
We focus on growing markets in volume and value via strong innovation and superior execution. We use productivity
improvements and cost savings to fund investments in superiority, to help mitigate input cost increases, and to deliver
profit margin improvement needed to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line growth. We are also leading constructive
disruption across the value chain, including identifying new consumer needs and addressing them in new ways. We
have an empowered, agile, and accountable organization, effectively executing our integrated strategy and priorities.
The Company’s targets for FY 2024-25 were as follows: 3-5% Organic Sales Growth, 5-7% Core EPS Growth, and 90%
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity. The Company delivered below its going-in target ranges for its key financial
measures. These outcomes led to below-target payouts in our annual incentive program.
+2% +4% 87%
ORGANIC SALES CORE EPS ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW
GROWTH GROWTH PRODUCTIVITY
135 69 > $16B
YEARS OF DIVIDEND PAYMENTS YEARS OF DIVIDEND RETURNED TO
INCREASES SHAREHOLDERS2
1 The targets mentioned in this section reflect the original FY 2024-25 financial guidance provided by the Company on July 30, 2024. FY 2024-25
actuals for Organic Sales Growth, Core EPS Growth, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity were used in the calculation of Year 3 Performance
Stock Program results, as further detailed in this section. Organic Sales Growth and Core EPS Growth were used in the calculation of the Total
Company Factor for the STAR annual bonus, described in more detail in this section. Organic Sales Growth is a measure of sales growth
excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. Core EPS Growth is a measure of
the Company’s diluted net earnings per common share (diluted EPS) growth excluding certain items that are not judged to be part of the
Company’s sustainable results or trends. Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity is the ratio of adjusted free cash flow (operating cash flow less
capital spending and excluding transitional tax payments resulting from the 2017 U.S. Tax Act) to net earnings, excluding certain items that are
not judged to be part of the Company’s sustainable results or trends. See Exhibit A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, including details
on items being adjusted.
2 Reflects dividends and share repurchases combined.
2025 Proxy Statement 40