COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Role of the C&LD Committee
The C&LD Committee is responsible to the Board for the Company’s overall compensation policies and their
specific application to principal officers elected by the Board. In setting and overseeing executive pay, the C&LD
Committee reviews a broad spectrum of information. Across the Company, total compensation is benchmarked
against an appropriate peer group, using median market pay as the competitive benchmark. Compensation can
then be adjusted based on performance. In setting executive pay, the C&LD Committee takes into account the
executive’s experience in the particular role and the CEO’s pay recommendations for the principal officers, as well
as the performance of the total Company and business units, and considers individual performance. In setting
CEO pay, in addition to considering experience, Company performance, and individual performance, other factors
are considered by the Committee, such as the degree of pay alignment with the Company’s relative TSR rank and
the appropriate mix of short- and long-term pay and fixed and performance-based pay. In addition, the C&LD
Committee reviews the ratio between the total compensation of the median employee and the total
compensation of the CEO (found on page 74 of this proxy).
Role of Compensation Consultant
For FY 2024-25, the C&LD Committee entered into an agreement with Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC
(“Meridian”) to advise on various compensation matters, including peer group identification, competitive practices
and trends, specific program design, and actions with respect to NEO, principal officer, and Director
compensation. In October 2024, the C&LD Committee evaluated the independence of Meridian, taking into
account any relationships with the Company’s Directors, officers, and employees in accordance with NYSE listing
standards. Based on this evaluation, the C&LD Committee concluded that Meridian was an independent advisor.
Under the terms of its agreement with the C&LD Committee, Meridian does not conduct any other business for
the Company or its management, and the C&LD Committee has direct responsibility for oversight and
compensation of the work performed by Meridian. The C&LD Committee generally meets with its independent
compensation consultant in an executive session at regularly scheduled C&LD Committee meetings.
Consideration of Most Recent “Say on Pay” Vote
The Committee reviewed the results of the annual shareholder advisory vote on NEO compensation (the “Say on
Pay” vote) that was held at the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders. Over 90% of the votes cast on the proposal
were cast in support of the compensation of our NEOs. Additionally, at least annually, the Company engages with
top shareholders to solicit any feedback on the Company’s executive compensation programs and practices.
Given the positive endorsement of the Company’s executive compensation decisions, the Committee did not
make any changes to the Company’s program or policies as a result of the Say on Pay vote.
2025 Proxy Statement 54