COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Business Unit Performance Factor. The CEO, CFO, and CHRO (collectively, the “STAR Committee”) recommend
Business Unit Performance Factors based on a retrospective assessment of the performance of each business unit
against six metrics:
Goal What It Measures Purpose of the Measure
One-year business unit organic sales Rewards meeting / exceeding organic
Organic Sales Growth
growth sales growth targets
One-year business unit operating profit Rewards meeting / exceeding
Operating Profit Growth
growth operating profit growth targets
One-year business unit adjusted free Rewards effective conversion of
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity
cash flow productivity earnings into cash
One-year business unit increase in Rewards market share growth versus
Value Share
value share competition
One-year business unit total Rewards balanced top- and bottom-
Operating TSR
shareholder return line growth with strong cash flow
One-year measure of audit results and Rewards strong governance and
Internal Controls
issue remediation stewardship
This assessment is compared to each business unit’s performance versus year ago and versus the competitive
peer group, reflecting the different industries in which the Company’s businesses compete. The C&LD Committee
then determines the Business Unit Performance Factors based on the STAR Committee’s recommendations.
None of the officers on the STAR Committee participates in discussions of or recommends their own STAR awards
to the C&LD Committee. The Business Unit Performance Factors can range between 0% and 200%. The Business
Unit Performance Factor for global business services and corporate functions is the weighted average of the
Business Unit Performance Factors for all the global business units and enterprise market operations in order to
align all organizations with the six metrics.
The Business Unit Performance Factor for NEOs who lead multiple business units is based on a combination, as
determined by the STAR Committee, of the results of the business units for which the NEO is ultimately
responsible. There are no separate performance goals for the business unit combinations for purposes of
compensation.
To better align STAR awards with individual and local performance, the President of each business may
differentiate award levels based on the overall performance of lower-level divisions, provided the total expenditure
does not exceed what was approved by the STAR Committee. This differentiation only impacts awards for those
employees below the President level and thus does not impact NEO compensation.
Total Company Performance Factor. The C&LD Committee sets targets for the Company’s annual Organic Sales
Growth and Core EPS Growth as the basis for the Total Company Performance Factor to encourage a balanced
focus on both top- and bottom-line results and to encourage collaboration among the business units. These
targets are typically linked to the external financial guidance provided at the beginning of the fiscal year, and the
Core EPS target specifically includes the expected impact of our share repurchase program. The Committee
establishes performance targets and a payout scale from 0% to 200% for each measure, with each weighted 50%
and added together to produce the Total Company Performance Factor.
Senior executives, including the NEOs, have an ESG Factor applied to their Total Company Performance Factor as
a multiplier in a range of 80%-120%. The ESG Factor is recommended by the STAR Committee and determined by
the C&LD Committee based on an ESG scorecard assessment of FY 2024-25 progress towards key long-term
Environmental Sustainability and Equality & Inclusion ambitions. Effective in FY 2025-26, this factor will no longer
be applied to STAR awards, as further explained on pages 57.
While the formula described above is used to calculate potential STAR awards, the C&LD Committee retains the
authority to make no STAR award in a given year and the discretion to accept, modify, or reject management’s
recommendations for any or all employees, including the NEOs.
45 The Procter & Gamble Company