PROXY SUMMARY
Board Oversight and Engagement
P&G’s strategy aims to deliver balanced, long-term growth and value
creation for our shareholders. A sustainably strong business depends on
maintaining trust, which requires maintaining robust ethical and
compliance standards and ensuring steadfast Board leadership and
oversight. That is why good governance, including our Purpose, Values, and
Principles (“PVPs”), is the foundation for everything we do. Portfolio
performance drives
brand choice
STRATEGIC FOCUS
Organization
Integrated
Superiority
empowered, agile Growth to win with
As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Board continues to provide accountable Strategy consumers
guidance and counsel on the Company’s execution of our integrated growth
strategy. In addition, our full Board oversees the development and execution
of the business strategic plans. Our Directors regularly meet with senior Constructive Productivity
business leaders to engage on significant matters and have visited our acr D os is s r o u ur p b t u io sin n e ss inve to s t f m ue e l n ts
research facilities and technical centers to gain a firsthand understanding of
the Company’s operations and innovations.
ETHICAL LEADERSHIP
Code of Ethics
The Company’s code of ethics applies to its Directors, officers, and employees. The most recent version of this code
of ethics is contained in the Worldwide Business Conduct Manual. The Worldwide Business Conduct Manual,
which is firmly rooted in the Company’s long-standing PVPs, is made available to employees in more than
25 languages and can be found on the Company’s website at www.pg.com. It is reviewed each year for appropriate
updates, and employees, officers, and Directors are asked to annually acknowledge their understanding of, and
compliance with, its requirements. Only the Board may grant a waiver of any provision for a Director or executive
officer, and any such waiver, or any amendment to the manual, will be promptly disclosed as required at
www.pg.com.
Ethics and Compliance Program
Under the oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board, the Company’s Ethics & Compliance
Committee—comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief
Human Resources Officer, and Chief Legal Officer—guides the development, execution, assessment, and
effectiveness of the Company’s Ethics & Compliance Program as it relates to applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, the Worldwide Business Conduct Manual, and other key Company policies.
Ethics and Compliance in our Compensation Philosophy
Stewardship and compliance are taken into account in our annual performance assessment of our executive
officers, affecting salary and incentive awards.
2025 Proxy Statement 4