CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Risk Oversight
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors maintains a comprehensive risk governance
framework designed to understand critical risks in the Company’s
Oversight of risks related to strategic plans and
strategy, build risk awareness, and ensure effective risk
the most significant enterprise risks
management. Responsibilities for risk oversight are delegated
among the full Board and its Committees, while management is
responsible for identifying, managing, and mitigating risks.
Board Committees
To ensure robust risk oversight, the Board fosters open
communication between management, external experts, and
Directors. The Board and each Committee have full access to Delegated responsibility to oversee specific
risks and report to the full Board for further
management, as well as the ability to engage independent advisors.
engagement when appropriate
In addition, the Board’s independent Lead Director leads regular
executive sessions of the independent Directors, facilitates cross-
Committee feedback, and encourages open dialogue and
constructive feedback among the independent Directors. This Management
approach enhances the Board’s ability to fulfill its risk oversight
duties. Identify, manage, and mitigate risks related to
strategic plans, operations, and evolving
internal and external conditions
BOARD OVERSIGHT
Our full Board actively oversees senior management’s development and execution of the Company’s strategic
plans, with responsibility to understand the associated opportunities and risks and the steps that senior
management is taking to identify, manage, and mitigate those risks. Throughout the year, senior leaders of the
Company’s business units, key markets, and corporate functions meet with the Board to discuss regular business
updates and significant risks, challenges, and opportunities within their areas of responsibility. For example:
• The Board directly discusses the state of the business with management at each meeting. The Board further
reviews the business strategy with the Chairman and CEO in semi-executive sessions. These semi-executive
sessions are held at six Board meetings each year.
• The Company’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Sector CEOs, and key market leaders review
their strategic plans and the associated risks with the Board at meetings throughout the year.
• Leaders like the Company’s Chief Legal Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Ethics & Compliance
Officer, Chief Equality & Inclusion Officer, Chief Brand Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Information
Security Officer, Chief Product Supply Officer, and Chief Sustainability Officer periodically discuss with the
Board their strategic priorities, key opportunities, emerging risks, and mitigation and compliance plans, often
with more detailed reviews conducted by the relevant Committees.
In addition, the full Board reviews the most significant enterprise risks facing the Company, as identified in the
Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) process that is conducted by management and described in detail in the
following pages. The Board reviews key results of the ERM process at least annually. The ERM process, the Board’s
direction, and management’s judgment guide which key risks the Board reviews and discusses. This
determination is often informed by subject matter expert perspective on the risk overall as well as consideration of
factors such as the risk’s potential impact to the Company, the Company’s vulnerability to the risk, and the risk’s
potential speed of onset.
29 The Procter & Gamble Company