CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Additional Governance Matters
COMPANY INSIDER TRADING POLICY AND POLICY REGARDING EMPLOYEE, OFFICER,
AND DIRECTOR HEDGING
The Company has an insider trading policy and procedures that govern the purchase, sale, and other dispositions
of its securities by Directors, officers, and employees, as well as by the Company itself. We believe the policy and
procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and
applicable listing standards. Among other things, the insider trading policy prohibits Directors, senior executives,
other designated employees, and certain persons or entities related to these individuals, from engaging in
hedging, short sales, pledging, collars, or any other derivative transaction involving the use of market investments
to manage the risk of price movements in Company stock or to leverage the potential return of a predicted move
in Company stock.
REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS
The Worldwide Business Conduct Manual requires that all employees and Directors disclose all potential conflicts
of interest and promptly take actions to eliminate any such conflict when the Company requests. In addition, the
Company has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy that prohibits any of the Company’s executive
officers, Directors, or any of their immediate family members from entering into a transaction with the Company,
except in accordance with the policy.
Under our Related Person Transaction Policy, the Chief Legal Officer (“CLO”) has primary responsibility for
determining whether, based on the facts and circumstances, a related person has a direct or indirect material
interest in a proposed or existing transaction. If the CLO determines that the related person would have a direct or
indirect material interest in the transaction, the CLO must present the transaction to the Audit Committee for
review or, if impracticable under the circumstances, to the Chair of the Audit Committee, who must then either
approve or reject the transaction in accordance with the terms of the policy. While making this determination, the
Audit Committee must consider all relevant information available and, as appropriate, take into consideration the
following:
• whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Company;
• whether the transaction was initiated by the Company or the related person;
• whether the transaction contains terms no less favorable to the Company than terms that could have been
reached with an unrelated third party;
• the purpose of the transaction and its potential benefits to the Company;
• the approximate dollar value of the transaction, particularly as it involves the related person;
• the related person’s interest in the transaction; and
• any other information regarding the related person’s interest in the transaction that would be material to
investors under the circumstances.
The Audit Committee may only approve the transaction if it determines that the transaction is not inconsistent
with the best interests of the Company as a whole. Further, in approving any such transaction, the Audit
Committee has the authority to impose any terms or conditions it deems appropriate on the Company or the
related person. Absent this approval, no such transaction may be entered into by the Company with any related
person. The Audit Committee has reviewed and approved the following transaction:
R. Alexandra Keith, Chief Executive Officer - Beauty and Executive Sponsor for Corporate Sustainability, is married
to Christopher Keith, a long-tenured employee of the Company who currently holds the position of Senior Vice
President - Brand Building Transformation. His total compensation last year was approximately $1.33 million,
consisting of salary, bonus, equity grants, and retirement and health benefits. His compensation is consistent with
the Company’s overall compensation principles based on his years of experience, performance, and position
within the Company. Upon Ms. Keith becoming President - Global Hair Care and Beauty Sector, the Audit
2025 Proxy Statement 34