AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
Audit Committee Report
Report of the Audit Committee
Each member of the Audit Committee is an independent Director as determined by the Board of Directors, based on
the NYSE listing standards and the Board’s own Independence Guidelines. Each member of the Committee also
satisfies the SEC’s additional independence requirement for members of audit committees. The Board of Directors
has determined that Mr. Biggs, Ms. McCarthy, and Ms. Woertz meet the criteria for “Audit Committee Financial
Expert” as defined by SEC rules. The Board of Directors has also determined that all Audit Committee members are
financially literate. See page 24 for further detail on Audit Committee composition.
As noted previously in the proxy statement, the Audit Committee’s work is guided by a charter, which can be found in
the corporate governance section of the Company’s website at www.pg.com. The Audit Committee has the
responsibilities set forth in its charter with respect to:
• Accounting, financial reporting, and disclosure processes, and adequacy of systems of disclosure and internal
control established by management;
• Quality and integrity of the Company’s financial statements;
• Company’s compliance with legal, tax, and regulatory requirements;
• Company’s overall risk management profile;
• Independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence;
• Performance of the Company’s internal audit function and the independent auditor;
• Performance of the Company’s ethics and compliance function; and
• Preparing this annual Report of the Audit Committee to be included in the Company’s proxy statement.
Management has the Company’s primary responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal financial
controllership, for preparing the financial statements, and for the public reporting process. Deloitte & Touche LLP, the
Audit Committee-appointed independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, is
responsible for expressing opinions on the conformity of the Company’s audited financial statements with generally
accepted accounting principles and on management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.
In its role of financial reporting oversight, the Committee reviewed and discussed with management and Deloitte &
Touche LLP the audited financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2025, and management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In this context, the Committee met 8 times
(including meetings to discuss quarterly results) during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. The Committee has
reviewed with Deloitte & Touche LLP matters required to be discussed pursuant to auditing standards adopted by
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”). In addition, the Committee has discussed various
matters with Deloitte & Touche LLP related to the Company’s consolidated financial statements, including critical
accounting policies and practices used, alternative treatments for material items that have been discussed with
management, and other material written communications between Deloitte & Touche LLP and management. The
Committee has also received written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte & Touche LLP required by PCAOB Rule
3526, “Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence,” and has discussed with Deloitte & Touche
LLP its independence from the Company and its management. In addition, the Committee has received written
material addressing Deloitte & Touche LLP’s internal quality control procedures and other matters, as required by the
NYSE listing standards. The Committee understands the need for Deloitte & Touche LLP to maintain objectivity and
independence in its audit of the Company’s financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting. The
Committee has implemented a formal pre-approval process for non-audit fee spending, and it seeks to limit this
spending to a level that keeps the core relationship with Deloitte & Touche LLP focused on financial statement review
and evaluation. A copy of this pre-approval process is attached to this proxy statement as Exhibit B.
Based on the considerations referred to above, the Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the
audited financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2025 be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
fiscal year 2025 and selected Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the
Company for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. This report is provided by the following independent Directors, who
constitute the Committee:
Christine M. McCarthy, Chair
B. Marc Allen
Craig Arnold
Brett Biggs
Christopher Kempczinski
Patricia A. Woertz
2025 Proxy Statement 84