ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Debra L. Lee Christine
Independent Director M. McCarthy
since 2020
Independent Director
Age 71 since 2019
Age 70
Ms. Lee is Chair of Leading Women Defined Foundation Ms. McCarthy is the former Senior Executive Vice President
(nonprofit education and advocacy organization), which she and Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company
founded in 2009. Previously, she served as Chairman and (global entertainment), a position she held from 2015 to 2023,
Chief Executive Officer of BET Networks (media and when she assumed the position of Strategic Advisor until her
entertainment subsidiary of Viacom, Inc.) from 2006 to 2018. retirement in June 2024. Prior to her appointment as CFO,
Ms. Lee joined BET Networks in 1986, serving as President and she held positions of increasing responsibility at Disney,
Chief Executive Officer from 2005 to 2006, President and serving as Executive Vice President, Corporate Real Estate,
Chief Operating Officer from 1995 to 2005, and Executive Vice Alliances and Treasurer from 2005 to 2015, after joining Disney
President and General Counsel from 1986 to 1995, originally as Senior Vice President and Treasurer in 2000. Ms. McCarthy
receiving her Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief
founded the Monarchs Collective in 2020 to help accelerate Financial Officer of Imperial Bancorp from 1997 to 1999. From
the development and placement of diverse talent in 1981 to 1996, she held various positions at First Interstate,
executive leadership and board room roles. In addition, including Executive Vice President, Finance in 1993.
Ms. Lee serves on the boards of various civic organizations, Ms. McCarthy currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the
including on the Board of Trustees of The American Film Carnegie Institution for Science, an independent research
Institute and of the Paley Center for Media, as President institution dedicated to advancing scientific investigation,
Emeritus of the Alvin Ailey Dance Theater, and as Trustee research, and discovery in service of humankind, and the
Emeritus of Brown University. Westridge School. She has also served on the boards of
numerous other civic and educational organizations,
including Phoenix House of California, Inc., the Los Angeles
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Philharmonic Association, UCLA Anderson School of
Ms. Lee brings a depth of leadership, strategy, and risk
Management, and Smith College.
management experience to the Board, gained through her
long-tenured leadership of BET Networks and her service on
numerous public company boards. As a result of her SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
experience and service, her depth and breadth of knowledge Ms. McCarthy’s more than 30 years of experience in finance,
on matters of corporate governance allows her to provide the including service as CFO of The Walt Disney Company, enable
Board with valuable perspective on oversight and her to contribute to the Board her extensive understanding of
accountability in a dynamic operating environment. Ms. Lee complex financial analysis and reporting for a global,
is also recognized for her advocacy for gender and racial consumer-facing company. Further, her experience at Disney
equality and human rights throughout her more than 30-year and leadership of its brand and franchise management
career in media and public life. This same experience, groups affords her valuable perspective on the consumer
including as a seasoned executive in the media industry, industry and long-term brand building. In addition, as CFO,
along with her considerable board experience, provide her Ms. McCarthy led Disney’s strategy and merger & acquisition
with extensive marketing and consumer industry skills, which teams. She was a core member of Disney’s acquisition teams
are particularly valuable as the Company continues to evolve for more than 20 years and worked on and led significant
its media strategy. deals outside of the United States. In her oversight of Disney’s
worldwide finance organization, which included corporate
Other Public Company Boards: Warner Bros. Discovery real estate, corporate alliances and partnerships, enterprise
(since 2022), Marriott International, Inc. (since 2004), Burberry controllership, investor relations, risk management, tax, and
Group plc (2019 to 2024), AT&T, Inc. (2019 to 2022) treasury, Ms. McCarthy had global responsibilities and
experience, including supervision of Disney’s global
Committees: Compensation & Leadership Development,
enterprise technology, global security, and cybersecurity
Governance & Public Responsibility
groups. She also oversaw the Disney Accelerator, a business
development program designed to advance the growth of
innovative companies from around the world. This significant
scope and experience provide her with extensive leadership,
strategy, and risk management skills and valuable corporate
governance experience.
Other Public Company Boards: CoStar Group, Inc. (since
April 2025), Flutter Entertainment (since 2024)
Committees: Audit (Chair), Compensation & Leadership
Development
15 The Procter & Gamble Company