PROXY SUMMARY
ITEM 2. RATIFY APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM (SEE PAGE 86)
You are being asked to ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”) as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm. In selecting Deloitte, the Audit Committee considered:
• Deloitte’s significant institutional knowledge and broad expertise related to the Company’s global business;
• Robust measures in place to ensure auditor independence; and
• Existence of appropriate processes and systems for performance assessments and review of fees.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR this resolution.
ITEM 3. ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (SEE PAGE 87)
You are being asked to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers
(“NEOs”), as outlined in this proxy statement beginning on page 40. This is often referred to as the “Say on Pay” vote.
KEY ELEMENTS OF FY 2024-25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
We Received Strong Shareholder Support with 90.65% in favor of Say on Pay at the 2024 Annual Meeting. This vote
is a positive endorsement of the Company’s executive compensation practices and decisions.
We Emphasize Pay for Performance. In total, 89% of the four main components of NEO compensation (Salary, Short-
Term Achievement Reward (“STAR”), Long-Term Incentive Program (“LTIP”), and Performance Stock Program (“PSP”))
was performance-based for all NEOs. Of this, 89% was tied to long-term performance. Consistent with our design
principles, performance-based programs pay out at 100% when target goals are achieved. Payouts below 100% occur
when target goals are not achieved, and payouts above 100% are possible when target goals are exceeded. Payouts
under these programs are based on the results achieved as compared to the pre-established performance targets,
highlighting the clear link between pay and performance that is the cornerstone of our compensation programs.
We Pay Competitively. The C&LD Committee structures executive compensation to be competitive with the
targets for comparable positions at companies considered to be our peers.
We Focus on Long-Term Success. The majority of the NEOs’ compensation is delivered through two long-term
incentive programs tied to Company performance: PSP and LTIP. NEOs must meet significant share ownership
and shareholding requirements. The CEO must own shares of Company stock and/or RSUs valued at a minimum
of eight times salary. All other NEOs must own stock valued at four times salary.
2025 Proxy Statement 2