BOARD PROPOSALS
TYPES OF AWARDS
Common Stock, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), Performance Stock Units (PSUs), and Restricted Stock. The
Committee may grant common stock, restricted shares, PSUs, or RSUs to participants. In doing so, the Committee,
in its discretion, may impose conditions (including performance conditions) or restrictions on the award. These
awards may, in the Committee’s discretion, accrue dividends or dividend equivalents, which shall be subject to the
same conditions, restrictions, and vesting terms as the underlying award and shall only be paid at the same time
as the underlying award. The Committee may also authorize participants the right to elect to convert all or a
portion of cash received into common stock, RSUs, or restricted stock.
Nonstatutory and Incentive Stock Options. All stock options must have a maximum life of no more than ten years
from the date of grant, and no options may be exercisable within one year from the date of grant except in the
case of death of the recipient. At the time of grant, the Committee shall establish the exercise price for any stock
option. In no event shall the exercise price be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the fair market value of the
common stock on the date of grant. Stock options may only be exercised by the recipient, except in the event of
legal incompetence of the recipient (where the recipient’s legally appointed guardian may exercise the stock
option) or in the event the Committee approves transfer of a stock option. All unexercised stock options granted
to a recipient who ceases to be an employee or Director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are subject to
the provisions of the award agreement governing the right to exercise following the participant’s termination of
employment or directorship. In the event of a recipient’s death, stock options may be exercised by the recipient’s
beneficiary as designated by the laws of will and descent.
Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs). A SAR offers the recipient the right to receive payment for the difference
(spread) between the exercise price of the SAR and the market value of the Company’s common stock at the time
of redemption. The Company’s primary purpose for granting SARs has been to provide some of the incentive
benefits of stock options to key international managers resident in those few countries where tax and other
requirements make granting stock options less attractive or not possible. SARs are generally subject to the same
limitations and restrictions regarding exercise, transfer, and forfeiture as stock options. At this time, the Company
does not grant SARs to any employees.
CONDITION OF AWARDS
All awards granted under the Plan are subject to all recovery, recoupment, clawback and/or other forfeiture
policies maintained by the Company, including the Company’s Dodd-Frank Recoupment Policy and the
Company’s Senior Executive Recoupment Policy. In addition, the Committee may impose additional clawback or
recoupment provisions in an award agreement or policy as the Committee determines.
Conditions may be established by the Committee, in consideration of the granting of an award under the terms of
the Plan, and each participant must agree to any and all restrictions set forth in the applicable award agreement.
Such conditions may include, but are not limited to, the following: 1) restrictions against engaging in competitive
employment with the Company (to the extent permitted by applicable law); 2) restrictions against solicitation of
Company employees to work elsewhere and solicitation of business from the Company’s customers, suppliers, or
partners (to the extent permitted by applicable law); 3) prohibiting participants from taking action significantly
contrary to the best interests of the Company; and 4) prohibiting disclosure of the Company’s trade secrets or
confidential information.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Term. The 2025 Plan term is 10 years from the date of shareholder approval.
Amendment. The Board may repeal or amend the Plan except that no such amendment can increase the
aggregate number of shares subject to the Plan, reduce the option price of an outstanding option, reduce the
grant price of an outstanding SAR, or alter the persons eligible to participate in the Plan. The Board will not make
any amendments for which shareholder approval is required by federal or state law or regulation or the rules of
the New York Stock Exchange.
91 The Procter & Gamble Company