OTHER MATTERS
Other Matters
Specific information on how to file notices, proposals, or recommendations pursuant to applicable SEC rules or the
provisions in the Company’s Code of Regulations is noted in the following sections. All notices, proposals, or
recommendations should be sent to:
The Procter & Gamble Company
c/o The Corporate Secretary’s Office
One Procter & Gamble Plaza
Cincinnati, OH 45202-3315
2026 Annual Meeting Date and Shareholder Proposals under
Rule 14a-8
We anticipate that the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will be held on Tuesday, October 13, 2026. Pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, to be considered for inclusion in the Company’s proxy statement for presentation
at that meeting, all shareholder proposals must be received by the Company on or before the close of business on
May 1, 2026.
Annual Meeting Advance Notice Requirements
Our Code of Regulations requires advance notice for any business to be brought before an annual meeting of
shareholders. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder
must meet the requirements set forth in our Code of Regulations, which are publicly available at www.pg.com.
Other than in connection with shareholder proposals pursuant to Rule 14a-8 or the election of Directors (see
Shareholder Recommendations or Nominations of Director Candidates section below), a shareholder wishing to
bring such business before the 2026 annual meeting must provide such notice no earlier than February 16, 2026,
and no later than July 16, 2026.
If a shareholder notifies the Company of an intent to present business at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders,
and such business may be properly presented at that meeting consistent with the Company’s Code of
Regulations and Amended Articles of Incorporation, the Company will have the right to exercise its discretionary
voting authority with respect to such business without including information regarding such proposal in its proxy
materials.
Shareholder Recommendations or Nominations of Director
Candidates
The G&PR Committee will consider shareholder recommendations for candidates for the Board. The minimum
qualifications and preferred specific qualities and skills required for Directors are set forth in Article II, Sections B
through E of the Corporate Governance Guidelines. The G&PR Committee considers all candidates using these
criteria, regardless of the source of the recommendation. The G&PR Committee’s process for evaluating
candidates also includes the considerations set forth in Article II, Section B of the G&PR Committee’s Charter. After
initial screening for minimum qualifications, the G&PR Committee determines appropriate next steps, including
requests for additional information, reference checks, and interviews with potential candidates. In addition to
shareholder recommendations, the G&PR Committee also relies on recommendations from current Directors,
Company personnel, and others. From time to time, the G&PR Committee may engage the services of outside
search firms to help identify candidates. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, the Company engaged Egon
2025 Proxy Statement 102