EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
to the Company when the benefit is paid out, we believe the annual premiums paid by the Company overstate the Company’s true cost of
providing this life insurance benefit. Accordingly, the amounts shown in the table are an average based on Internal Revenue Service tables
used to value the term cost of such coverage for calendar year 2024 and calendar year 2025, which reflect what it would cost the executive to
obtain the same coverage in a term life insurance policy. The average of the two calendar years was used because fiscal year data is not
available. The average of the dollar value of the premiums actually paid by the Company in calendar years 2024 and 2025 under these policies
were as follows: Mr. Moeller, $90,687, Mr. Schulten, $63,991, and Mr. Jejurikar, $51,033. This program is in addition to any other Company-
provided group life insurance in which an NEO may enroll that is also available to all employees on the same basis.
iii. Flexible Compensation Program Contributions are given in the form of credits to pay for coverage in a number of benefit plans including, but
not limited to, medical insurance and additional life insurance. Employees may also receive unused credits as cash. Credits are earned based on
PST years of service.
iv. The Company provides assistance to certain employees, including NEOs, related to expenses incurred in connection with expatriate
assignments and Company-required relocations. Amounts for Mr. Jejurikar reflect tax preparation assistance in connection with past expatriate
assignments. Mr. Raman’s payment for expatriate assignment expenses resulted from his assignment in Switzerland, which included a housing
allowance and related support of $140,046; cost of living adjustments of $139,087; a travel allowance of $7,011; relocation-related expenses of
$8,962; and tax preparation assistance of $16,910. Expenses were paid in Swiss francs and converted to U.S. dollars using a Bloomberg monthly
spot rate representing the average of the buy and sell rates for the month. Additionally, pursuant to the Company’s tax equalization policy,
Mr. Raman’s amount includes $681,001 for tax equalization payments made by the Company to cover incremental taxes incurred in connection
with his expatriate assignment. The policy is designed to ensure that an employee on an expatriate assignment only pays the equivalent
amount of taxes that they would have paid in their home country, which is the U.S. for all executive officers.
v. All NEOs are entitled to the following personal benefits: financial counseling (including tax preparation), an annual physical examination, secure
workplace parking, and, for the CEO, home security and monitoring and use of the Company car. While Company aircraft is generally used for
Company business only, the CEO is required by the Board to use Company aircraft for all air travel, including personal travel, pursuant to the
Company’s executive security requirements established by the Board of Directors. While traveling on Company aircraft, the CEO may bring a
limited number of guests (spouse, family member, or similar guest) to accompany him. The aggregate incremental aircraft usage costs
associated with Mr. Moeller’s personal use of the Company aircraft during FY 2024-25 were $155,258. The incremental costs to the Company for
these benefits, other than use of Company aircraft, are the actual costs or charges incurred by the Company for the benefits. The incremental
cost to the Company for use of the Company aircraft is calculated by using an hourly rate for each flight hour. The hourly rate is based on the
incremental variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, and fees, including flight
planning, ground handling, and landing permits. For any flights that involved mixed personal and business usage, any personal usage hours
that exceed the business usage are utilized to determine the incremental cost to the Company.
2025 Proxy Statement 60