EXHIBIT C
Shares plus any Shares that are available for Awards under The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive
Compensation Plan as of the Effective Date. No further Awards may be granted under the Prior Plans as of the
Effective Date.
4.2 Share Usage. The Committee shall determine the method for calculating the number of
Shares available for grant under the Plan, subject to the following:
(a) all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be counted against Shares available on
a one-for-one basis;
(b) all full value Awards to be settled in Shares shall be counted as five (5) Shares for each
Share awarded;
(c) except as provided in clause (d), any Shares that are related to an Award granted
under this Plan or Prior Plans that terminates by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise
without the issuance of the Shares, are settled in cash in lieu of Shares, or is exchanged with the
Committee’s permission, prior to the issuance of Shares, for an Award not involving Shares shall be
available again for grant under this Plan;
(d) any Award Shares tendered, exchanged or withheld to cover Option exercise costs,
any Award Shares withheld to cover taxes, and all Shares underlying an Award of Stock Appreciation
Rights once such Stock Appreciation Rights are exercised, shall be taken into account as Shares
issued under this Plan; and
(e) any Award Shares granted by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or
exchange for, awards previously granted by a company acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary, or
with which the Company or a Subsidiary combines, shall not reduce the maximum aggregate
number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan (to the extent permitted under applicable
stock exchange rules), and available shares of stock under a shareholder-approved stock
compensation plan of any such acquired company or company with which the Company or a
Subsidiary combines (as adjusted to reflect the transaction) may be used for Awards under the Plan
and shall not reduce the number of Shares available under the Plan (to the extent permitted by
applicable stock exchange rules).
4.3 Shares Subject to Use Under the Plan. The source of the Shares to be delivered by the
Company upon exercise or payment of any Award shall be determined by the Committee and may consist, in
whole or in part, of authorized but unissued Shares, treasury Shares, or Shares acquired in the open market. In the
case of redemption of SARs by one of the Company’s Subsidiaries, such Shares shall be Shares acquired by that
Subsidiary.
4.4 Annual Award Limits. Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the following Annual Award
Limits, subject to any adjustment under Section 4.5. The maximum number of Shares with respect to which
Options or other Awards may be granted to any Non-employee Director in any calendar year shall not exceed
$1,000,000. The maximum number of Shares with respect to which Options or SARs may be granted to any
Employee who is a Participant in any calendar year shall be 2,000,000 Shares. For any Awards other than Options
or SARs that are denominated in Shares, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be delivered
pursuant to such Awards granted in any calendar year shall be 400,000 Shares for any Employee who is a
Participant. For any Awards that are denominated in cash, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be
paid with respect to all such Awards granted in any calendar year shall be $20,000,000 for any Employee who is a
Participant.
4.5 Adjustments in Authorized Shares. Adjustments in authorized Shares available for issuance
under the Plan or under an outstanding Award and adjustments in Annual Award Limits shall be subject to the
following provisions:
(a) In the event of any corporate event or transaction such as a merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, separation, partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, stock split,
2025 Proxy Statement C-7