ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Joseph Jimenez Christopher
Independent Director Kempczinski
since 2018
Independent Director
Lead Director since 2021 since 2021
Age 65 Age 56
Mr. Jimenez is Co-Founder and Managing Director at Mr. Kempczinski is Chairman, President and Chief
Aditum Bio (biotech venture fund). He is the former Chief Executive Officer at McDonald’s Corporation (restaurant
Executive Officer of Novartis AG (global healthcare), a operator and franchisor), having been appointed Chairman
position he held from 2010 to 2018. Prior to this role, he in May 2024 in addition to his role as President and Chief
held several senior positions at Novartis from 2007 to 2010, Executive Officer, which he has held since 2019. He
including Division Head, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, and previously served as President, McDonald’s USA from 2017
leadership of the company’s Consumer Health Division. to 2019 and as Executive Vice President – Strategy,
Mr. Jimenez was an Advisor to the Blackstone Group L.P. Business Development and Innovation from 2015 to 2016.
from 2006 to 2007. He also held various leadership roles at Before joining McDonald’s, Mr. Kempczinski held several
H. J. Heinz Company (packaged food) in Europe and North leadership roles at The Kraft Heinz Company (food and
America from 1999 to 2006, including Executive Vice beverage), including Executive Vice President of Growth
President, President, and CEO of Heinz Europe from 2002 Initiatives and President of Kraft International from 2014 to
to 2006 and President and CEO of H.J. Heinz Company 2015; President of Kraft Canada from 2012 to 2014; and
North America from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Jimenez also held Senior Vice President – U.S. Grocery from 2008 to 2012.
several leadership positions at ConAgra Foods (packaged Prior to these roles, he worked at PepsiCo in a variety of
food) from 1993 to 1998. operating and strategic planning roles. Mr. Kempczinski
began his career in brand management at P&G and was
also a strategy consultant at The Boston Consulting Group.
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for the Ronald
Mr. Jimenez, in addition to his proven corporate
McDonald House Charities.
governance experience gained from his leadership of
Novartis and service on several public company boards,
has a strong track record of strategic technology and SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
innovation expertise, particularly in the healthcare Mr. Kempczinski’s considerable experience in consumer
business, one of the Company’s key sectors. He is industry/retail, as a leader in both the consumer packaged
recognized for his innovation pipeline development while food and the dynamic quick-service restaurant industries,
serving as CEO of Novartis and brings to the Board deep enable him to bring relevant and actionable insights,
skills and experiences in leadership, strategy, and risk including valuable marketing and brand building
management in both healthcare and the consumer perspective, to the Board. As CEO of McDonald’s, which
industry/retail segment more broadly. In his role as CEO, has significant global operations, Mr. Kempczinski brings
he was also involved in several environmental considerable insight into the operating, regulatory, and
sustainability efforts related to climate and water, key cultural complexities associated with the Company’s
pillars of the Company’s environmental sustainability work, global footprint. He has further demonstrated his skills and
and led the company’s diversity and inclusion task force. In expertise in technology and innovation in his leadership of
addition, not only does Mr. Jimenez offer critical global global strategy and innovation at McDonald’s, where
perspective gained from his multiple leadership roles business transactions increasingly occur through digital
outside the United States, he provides the Board with channels, and has played a key role in accelerating growth
unique perspective on adapting and innovating business through innovation at the company by prioritizing these
models in a dynamic external environment. This extensive areas within its strategy. Further, Mr. Kempczinski’s
experience across the consumer products and healthcare recognized leadership, strategy, and risk management
industries enables him to meaningfully advise the Board abilities have allowed him to guide McDonald’s through
and management on commercial, innovation, marketing, the dynamic challenges and opportunities posed by
and strategic issues. current global operating conditions, including with respect
to key environmental sustainability strategies, which have
Other Public Company Boards: General Motors Company
been highly valuable to the Board as it oversees the
(since 2015), Century Therapeutics, Inc. (2019 to August
Company’s long-term growth and operating strategy.
2025), Graphite Bio, Inc. (2020 to 2024)
Other Public Company Boards: McDonald’s Corporation
Committees: Compensation & Leadership Development,
(since 2019)
Governance & Public Responsibility (Chair)
Committees: Audit, Compensation & Leadership
Development (Chair)
2025 Proxy Statement 14