VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION
For participants in The Procter & Gamble Profit Sharing Trust and Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
The Procter & Gamble Savings Plan, The Gillette Company Employee Stock Ownership Plan, The
Procter & Gamble Commercial Company Employees’ Savings Plan and/or The Profit Sharing
Retirement Plan of The Procter & Gamble Commercial Company (the “NA Plans”):
If you are a participant in the NA Plans, you are the beneficial owner of the P&G shares allocated to your
account and have the right to instruct the respective plan fiduciaries how to vote those shares. Please
refer to the materials provided to you by the NA Plans for instructions and relevant deadlines. Unless
otherwise required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or other
applicable law, the plan fiduciaries will vote shares of P&G stock as follows: if your properly signed and
executed voting instructions are timely received, the plan fiduciaries will vote the shares allocated to
your account as you instructed. If you do not provide voting instructions or they are not properly signed
and executed or they are not timely received, the plan fiduciaries will vote the shares allocated to your
account in direct proportion to the shares of the same class for which the respective plan fiduciaries
timely received properly signed and executed voting instructions. The plan fiduciaries also will vote the
shares held in trust that have not been allocated to any account in the same manner as shares of the
same class that are allocated to accounts but for which properly signed and executed voting
instructions were not received.
For participants in The Procter & Gamble U.K. 1-4-1 Plan, The Procter & Gamble U.K. Share Investment
Scheme and/or The Procter & Gamble Ireland Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “UK and Ireland
Plans”):
If you are a participant in the UK and Ireland Plans, you are the beneficial owner of the P&G shares
allocated to your account, and you have the right to instruct the respective plan fiduciaries how to vote
those shares. Please refer to the materials provided to you by the UK and Ireland Plans for instructions
and relevant deadlines. Unless otherwise required by law, the plan fiduciaries will vote shares of P&G
stock as follows: if your properly signed and executed voting instructions are timely received, the plan
fiduciaries will vote the shares allocated to your account as you instructed. If you do not provide voting
instructions or they are not properly signed and executed or they are not timely received, the plan
fiduciaries will not submit a vote for your shares.
See question 7 for an explanation of the difference between a “beneficial owner” and a “shareholder of
record.”
3.
CAN I CHANGE OR REVOKE MY VOTE AFTER I RETURN MY PROXY CARD?
Yes, shareholders of record may change or revoke their proxy at any time before it is exercised at the
annual meeting by Internet, telephone, or mail prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on Monday, October 13,
2025, or by attending the virtual annual meeting and following the voting instructions provided on the
meeting platform. If you are the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, you must follow the
instructions provided by your broker, bank, or other holder of record (including shares held in the NA
Plans or the UK and Ireland Plans) for changing or revoking your proxy. Beneficial owners, other than
plan participants as outlined below, may also attend and vote online during the annual meeting, which
will replace any previous votes. Participants in the NA Plans and the UK and Ireland Plans will not be
able to vote shares held in those plans during the meeting.
4.
CAN I VOTE DURING THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING INSTEAD OF VOTING BY
PROXY?
Yes, shareholders of record may vote during the virtual annual meeting by logging into the meeting
website and following the instructions provided on the meeting platform. If you are the beneficial owner
of shares held in street name, you should refer to the voting instructions provided by your brokerage
firm, bank, or other holder of record. Beneficial owners, other than plan participants as outlined below,
may also attend and vote online during the annual meeting. We encourage you to vote your proxy by
Internet, telephone, or mail prior to the meeting, even if you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting.
Participants in the NA Plans and UK and Ireland Plans must provide timely voting instructions to their
respective plan fiduciaries by the applicable deadline, as detailed in the materials provided to them by
the respective plans.
2025 Proxy Statement 98