AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Audit Committee, with the ratification of the shareholders, engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP to perform an
annual audit of the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. The Audit Committee
was responsible for determination and approval of audit fees primarily based on audit scope, with consideration of
audit team skills and experiences.
Pursuant to rules of the SEC, the fees billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates (collectively, “Deloitte”), are disclosed in the table below:
Fees Paid to Deloitte
(Dollars in Thousands)
FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25
($) ($)
Audit Fees 27,360 27,804
Audit-Related Fees 2,419 2,499
Tax Fees 245 118
Subtotal 30,024 30,421
All Other Fees 420 441
Deloitte Total Fees 30,444 30,862
Services Provided by Deloitte
All services provided by Deloitte are permissible under applicable laws and regulations. The Company has adopted
policies and procedures for pre-approval of services by Deloitte as described in Exhibit B to this proxy statement.
The fees paid to Deloitte shown in the table above were all pre-approved in accordance with these procedures
and include:
1) Audit Fees: These are fees for professional services performed by Deloitte for the audit of the Company’s
annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in the Company’s 10-Q filings, and
services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
2) Audit-Related Fees: These are fees for assurance and related services performed by Deloitte that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company’s financial statements. This
includes: employee benefit and compensation plan audits; due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions;
other attestations by Deloitte, including those that are required by statute, regulation, or contract; and
consulting on financial accounting/reporting standards and controls.
3) Tax Fees: These are fees for professional services performed by Deloitte with respect to tax compliance and tax
returns. This includes review of original and amended tax returns for the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries; refund claims, payment planning/tax audit assistance; and tax work stemming from “Audit-
Related” items.
4) All Other Fees: These are fees for other permissible work performed by Deloitte that does not meet the above
category descriptions. The fees cover training programs, consulting, and various subscriptions and local
engagements that are permissible under applicable laws and regulations including tax filings for individual
employees included in the Company expatriate program.
These services are actively monitored (both spending level and work content) by the Audit Committee to maintain
the appropriate objectivity and independence in Deloitte’s core work, which is the audit of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. The Committee also concluded that Deloitte’s provision of audit and non-audit
services to the Company and its affiliates is compatible with Deloitte’s independence.
85 The Procter & Gamble Company