ITEM 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
B. Marc Allen Craig Arnold
Independent Director Independent Director
since 2021 since 2025
Age 52 Age 65
Mr. Allen is the Chief Executive Officer of Electra.aero Mr. Arnold is the former Chairman and Chief Executive
(aircraft designer and manufacturer), a position he has Officer of Eaton Corporation (a global intelligent power
held since August 2024. Prior to joining Electra.aero, management company), a position he held from 2016 to
Mr. Allen held several leadership positions at The Boeing May 2025. Mr. Arnold was appointed a member of the
Company (aerospace, commercial jetliners, and military company’s board of directors and named Eaton’s
defense systems), including President, Boeing President and Chief Operating Officer in 2015. Prior to this
International and Chief Strategy Officer, serving on the role, he served as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating
Boeing Executive Council from 2015 to 2023. In addition, Officer of the company’s Industrial Sector from 2009 to
from 2019 to 2020, he served as President, Embraer 2015 and as Senior Vice President and Group Executive of
Partnership and Group Operations. Prior to his Executive the Fluid Power Group from 2000 to 2009. Before joining
Council roles, Mr. Allen held several other senior positions Eaton, Mr. Arnold worked for General Electric Company,
at Boeing from 2007 to 2015, including responsibility for where he served as Corporate Vice President and
the operational and financial performance of Boeing’s President, GE Lighting Services Ltd., leading the
wholly-owned customer finance subsidiary as President of company’s lighting business in Europe, the Middle East,
Boeing Capital Corporation, responsibility for the Africa, and India. He also served as Corporate Vice
company’s business in China as Chairman and President of President and President of GE Plastics, Greater China, and
Boeing (China) Co., Ltd., and leadership of the company’s then of GE Appliances, Asia, from 1997 to 1999. Currently,
international legal practice group as Vice President for Mr. Arnold is lead independent director for Medtronic plc.
Global Law Affairs and Boeing International General In addition, he is a member of The Business Council, the
Counsel. In addition to his tenure at Boeing, Mr. Allen was advisory board of The Salvation Army of Greater Cleveland,
a practicing attorney and law clerk to former U.S. Supreme and the board of the United Way of Greater Cleveland.
Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy. He is an Aspen
Institute Henry Crown Fellow, member of the Council on
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Foreign Relations, and served for many years as board
Mr. Arnold’s expertise in leading businesses with complex
chairman for International Justice Mission, a nonprofit
operating footprints, sophisticated and extensive
dedicated to combating forced labor slavery, human
manufacturing, and global supply chains provides a critical
trafficking, and violence against the poor.
perspective to the Company. His significant international
experience allows him to bring meaningful insights related
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS to constructive disruption across markets. In addition, as a
Mr. Allen brings a wealth of insight and practical expertise seasoned executive at both Eaton and GE, he has a keen
to the Board, including notable global experience gained understanding of how to effectively use technology and
from his leadership of Boeing’s international operations innovation to enable long-term growth. Over the course of
(2015 to 2019). Further, his proven leadership, strategy, and his career, he also has developed significant leadership,
risk management skills, developed over his 17 years of strategy, and risk management skills, having led a large-
senior business and legal roles at Boeing, and most scale restructuring program and later leading Eaton
recently in his position as Chief Strategy Officer (2020 to through a strategy to incorporate more renewable fuels
2023), allow Mr. Allen to provide thoughtful, strategic through well-placed investment, innovation, and
counsel to the Company on a wide range of matters, employment of digital technologies. Further, as a lead
including long-term business planning, investments, director with years of experience on multiple public
corporate development, and environmental sustainability. boards, Mr. Arnold has amassed substantial corporate
Having previously led Boeing’s international legal practice governance and financial oversight skills that he brings to
group from its inception, overseeing government affairs the Board.
and cross-border trade regulation matters, and leading
Other Public Company Boards: Medtronic plc (since 2015,
Boeing Capital Corporation, Mr. Allen also brings significant
lead independent director since 2022), Eaton Corporation
insight and experience regarding government/regulatory
(2016 to May 2025)
affairs, corporate governance, and financial oversight to the
Board. As the CEO of Electra.aero, Mr. Allen now operates at Committees: Audit, Compensation & Leadership
the forefront of innovation and technology in aerospace, Development
with a focus on entrepreneurial market disruption and new
product category development.
Committees: Audit, Compensation & Leadership
Development
11 The Procter & Gamble Company