BOARD PROPOSALS
Incentive Stock Options. Incentive stock options are generally not taxable to the participant at grant or exercise if
the participant has continuously been an employee from the time of the grant until at least three months before
exercise. However, the spread at exercise is an “adjustment” item for alternative minimum tax purposes. Any gain
realized on the sale or other disposition of stock acquired on exercise of an incentive stock option is considered as
long-term capital gain for tax purposes if the participant disposes of the stock more than two years after the date
the option was granted and more than one year after the date of exercise of the option. If the stock is disposed of
within two years after grant or one year after exercise, the lesser of any gain on such disposition or the spread at
exercise (i.e., the excess of the fair market value of the stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price) is
treated as ordinary income, and any appreciation after the date of exercise is considered long-term or short-term
capital gain depending on the holding period prior to sale. The Company is generally not entitled to a deduction
with respect to an incentive stock option, except to the extent of any ordinary income recognized upon
disposition of stock.
Stock Appreciation Rights. Like nonstatutory stock options, SARs are not taxable to the recipient at grant but will
result in taxable ordinary income on the date of exercise equal to the amount paid to the recipient, i.e., the
difference between the value of the shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price. Similarly, the Company
will be entitled to a deduction when the SARs are exercised.
Additional Equity Compensation Plan Information
The following table gives information about the Company’s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise
of options, warrants and rights under all of the Company’s equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2025. The
table includes the following plans: The Procter & Gamble 1992 Stock Plan; The Procter & Gamble 2001 Stock and
Incentive Compensation Plan; The Procter & Gamble 2003 Non-Employee Directors’ Stock Plan; The Procter &
Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan; The Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive
Compensation Plan; and The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan. There are no
outstanding awards under equity compensation plans not approved by security holders.
(b)
Weighted (c)
(a) average exercise Number of securities
Number of securities to price of remaining available for
be issued upon outstanding future issuance under
exercise of options, equity compensation plans
outstanding options, warrants and (excluding securities
Plan Category warrants and rights rights reflected in column (a))
Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders
Stock Options/Stock Appreciation Rights 96,633,659 $ 120.9524 (1)
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)/Performance
Stock Units (PSUs) 6,677,267 N/A (1)
TOTAL 103,310,926 $120.9524(2)
(1) Of the plans listed above, only The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2019 Plan”) allows for future grants of
securities. The maximum number of shares that may be granted under this plan is 187 million shares. Stock options and stock appreciation
rights are counted on a one-for-one basis while full value awards (such as RSUs and PSUs) are counted as five shares for each share awarded.
Total shares available for future issuance under the 2019 Plan is 58 million.
(2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options and stock appreciation rights only.
93 The Procter & Gamble Company