CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Committee approved the continued employment of Mr. Keith with the Company under the Company’s Related
Person Transaction Policy, concluding that his continued employment was not inconsistent with the best
interests of the Company as a whole.
Other than as noted above, there were no transactions, in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a
participant, the amount involved exceeded $120,000, and any Director, Director nominee, executive officer, or any
of their immediate family members had a direct or indirect material interest reportable under applicable SEC rules
or that required approval of the Audit Committee under the Company’s Related Person Transaction Policy, nor are
there any currently proposed.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
Mses. Lee, McCarthy, and McEvoy and Messrs. Allen, Arnold, Jimenez, Kempczinski, and Lundgren served on the
Compensation & Leadership Development Committee during FY 2024-25. All members of the C&LD Committee
during FY 2024-25 were independent Directors, and none were employees or former officers of the Company.
There are no compensation committee interlocks between the Company and any other entities in which one of
our executive officers serves on the compensation committee (or equivalent) or the board of directors of another
entity whose executive officer(s) served on our C&LD Committee or Board of Directors.
AVAILABILITY OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS
The Company’s corporate governance documents are available on the Company’s website at www.pg.com.
Additionally, copies of the Company’s Amended Articles of Incorporation, the Company’s Code of Regulations, all
Committee Charters, the Corporate Governance Guidelines (including Independence Guidelines, Confidentiality
Policy, and Financial Literacy and Expertise Guidelines), the Worldwide Business Conduct Manual, the Company’s
Purpose, Values, and Principles and the Related Person Transaction Policy are available in print upon request by
writing to the Corporate Secretary at One Procter & Gamble Plaza, Cincinnati, OH 45202-3315.
COMMUNICATION WITH DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Shareholders and other interested parties who wish to communicate with the Board or any particular Director,
including the Lead Director, or with any executive officer of the Company, may do so by email at
boardofdirectors.im@pg.com or by writing to the following address:
[Name of Director/Executive Officer or “Board of Directors”]
The Procter & Gamble Company
c/o The Corporate Secretary’s Office
One Procter & Gamble Plaza
Cincinnati, OH 45202-3315
All such correspondence is reviewed by the Corporate Secretary’s Office, which logs the material for tracking
purposes. The Board has asked the Corporate Secretary’s Office to forward to the appropriate Director(s) all
correspondence, except for personal grievances, items unrelated to the functions of the Board, business
solicitations, advertisements, and materials that are profane.
35 The Procter & Gamble Company