CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In reaching its conclusion, the C&LD Committee noted that the Company’s compensation programs include a mix
of cash and equity, as well as annual, medium-term, and long-term incentives. This mix of compensation, the
design features of these programs, and the Company’s respective oversight and control requirements mitigate
the potential of any individual inclination toward taking unnecessary risks. The C&LD Committee also
acknowledged various other features of the Company’s compensation programs, policies, and practices designed
to mitigate unwarranted risk. For example, the Company’s annual cash bonus program, the Short-Term
Achievement Reward (“STAR”), provides the C&LD Committee with discretion to reduce or eliminate any award
that would otherwise be payable. In addition, the performance metrics under STAR include both quantitative
measures (e.g., topline growth, bottom-line profits, free cash flow) and qualitative measures (e.g., relative
performance, internal controls). These non-metric features mitigate the risk of an executive focusing too much on
the specific financial metrics under STAR. Moreover, the performance metrics associated with the STAR Company
Factor (core earnings per share growth and organic sales growth) are aligned with the Company’s business plans
and strategic objectives.
Further, the C&LD Committee recognized that the Company’s longer-term incentives include a balanced portfolio
of stock options, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. These longer-term incentives incorporate a
variety of payout horizons that focus executives on long-term performance: 10-year terms with three-year cliff-
vesting for stock options, three-year cliff-vesting for restricted stock units, and a three-year performance period for
performance stock units granted under the Performance Stock Program (“PSP”). The C&LD Committee also noted
that the design of the PSP reduces the likelihood that an executive will focus too much on a single performance
measure by including four different performance categories with weightings of 20% or 30% each that provide for a
balanced risk profile. The categories are: organic sales growth relative to competitive peers, constant currency core
before-tax operating profit growth, core EPS growth, and free cash flow productivity. In addition, actual
performance against goals with respect to each of these performance measures will yield a payout from a
minimum of 0% to a maximum of 200% of a senior executive’s target incentive opportunity. We believe that using
this sliding scale approach, versus an all-or-nothing approach, discourages participants from taking unnecessary
risks. Furthermore, the PSP also includes a relative Total Shareholder Return Multiplier to ensure further
alignment with shareholder interests. Each of the financial measures is defined and further explained in the CD&A
section of this proxy statement.
Finally, the C&LD Committee acknowledged that the Company maintains several policies intended to mitigate
inappropriate risk-taking, including stock ownership guidelines for senior executives and an insider trading policy
that prohibits margin and hedging transactions by senior executives. Furthermore, in addition to the mandatory
Dodd-Frank Recoupment Policy, the Company maintains an additional recoupment policy for all other senior
executives who are not covered by the Dodd-Frank policy. These policies provide for recoupment of compensation
in the event of a financial restatement.
CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS
The Audit Committee has specific responsibility for reviewing the status of the security of the Company’s
electronic data processing information systems and the general security, including cybersecurity, of the
Company’s people, assets, and information systems. In fulfilling its duties, the Audit Committee receives regular
updates from the Company’s Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer about the
Company’s information security and systems security programs and plans, including emerging trends and
progress on overall enterprise cybersecurity programs and priorities. These updates occur at least three times a
year, with interim updates as needed. In addition, our ERM process is designed to capture any significant
enterprise risks, including cybersecurity and other risks related to our information systems. Further, potential and
actual cybersecurity incidents are communicated to the Chief Information Security Officer, the Ethics &
Compliance Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Board, based on documented escalation criteria, to
identify emerging trends and new learnings as well as ensure sufficient risk mitigation.
2025 Proxy Statement 32