COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
In FY 2023-24, the C&LD Committee amended the financial planning benefit provided to senior executives to
select a standard provider for these services. Any senior executives who enroll will be taxed on the benefit value of
these services and the Company will not provide any tax gross-ups for these services. Executive officers who
participated in the prior annual stipend program may continue to elect to receive the annual stipend. Under the
prior program, the Company provides an annual $8,500 stipend upon confirmation from each participant that a
tax or financial planning service has been retained in the current calendar year.
Benefits that safeguard senior executives, such as secured workplace parking and annual physical health
examinations, are available to NEOs as needed. While Company aircraft are generally only used for Company
business, for security reasons the CEO is required by the Board to use Company aircraft for all air travel, including
personal travel. To the extent any travel on Company aircraft results in imputed income to an NEO, the NEO is
responsible for paying the taxes on that income, and the Company does not provide separate gross-up payments
based on the NEO’s personal income tax due. To further increase executive efficiency, we provide limited local
transportation for business purposes within Cincinnati. We provide executive group whole life insurance coverage
(equal to annual salary rate plus STAR target up to $5,000,000) to certain executives, including certain of the NEOs,
under a program now closed to new participants. The C&LD Committee periodically reviews these arrangements
as needed to ensure they meet business needs and remain in line with market practices.
Equity Grant Processes
The C&LD Committee approves and grants annual equity awards at approximately the same time every year. Each
year, the C&LD Committee approves the dollar value of annual LTIP and PSP awards at the August meeting for
grant on the first business day in October. Stock options granted under the STAR annual incentive program are
issued on the last business day on or before September 15, after the STAR payouts are approved by the C&LD
Committee at the August meeting and consistent with the timing of the U.S. STAR cash payments. Retirement
RSUs are always granted on the first Thursday in August. Outside of the annual grant cycle, we may make RSU
awards in connection with a new hire package or retention grant. These grants are typically made on the first
business day of each month.
All awards are granted under a shareholder-approved plan and stock options are granted at an exercise price at or
above the closing market price of P&G common stock on the date of grant. Equity awards, including options, are
not granted in anticipation of the release of material non-public information, and the release of material
non-public information is not timed on the basis of option or equity grant dates.
2025 Proxy Statement 52