EXHIBIT C
6.3 Forfeiture and Repayment Obligations. All Awards shall be subject to forfeiture and/or
repayment to the Company to the extent and in the manner required (i) to comply with any requirements
imposed under applicable laws, regulations, stock exchange listing rules or other rules; (ii) under the terms of the
P&G Dodd-Frank Compensation Recoupment Policy and the P&G Senior Executive Officer Recoupment Policy, to
the extent applicable to the Participant, or under any other similar policy or guideline adopted by the Company. In
addition, upon exercise, payment or delivery of an Award, the Company may require that the Participant certify in
a manner acceptable to the Company that he or she has complied with the terms and conditions of the Plan and
applicable Award Agreement. In the event a Participant fails to comply with any provision in the Plan and the
applicable Award Agreement at any time before or after exercise, payment or delivery of an Award, the Participant
shall repay to the Company the net proceeds of any exercises, payments or deliveries of Awards which occur at
any time after the earlier of the following two dates: (a) the date three (3) years immediately preceding any such
violation; or (b) the date six (6) months prior to the Participant’s Termination of Employment. The Participant shall
repay to the Company the net proceeds in such manner and on such terms and conditions as may be required by
the Company, and the Company shall be entitled to set-off against the amount of any such net proceeds any
amount owed to the Participant by the Company, to the extent that such set-off is not inconsistent with Code
Section 409A. For purposes of this paragraph, “net proceeds” shall mean (1) for each Option or SAR exercise, the
difference between the Option Price or SAR Price, as applicable, and the greater of (i) the price of Shares on the
date of exercise or (ii) the amount realized upon the disposition of the underlying Shares, less any applicable taxes
withheld by the Company; (2) for RSUs or Performance Stock Units, the greater of (i) the number of net Shares
delivered to the Participant multiplied by the closing price of Shares on the date of delivery or (ii) the amount
realized upon the disposition of the number of net Shares delivered, in either case less any applicable taxes
withheld by the Company; (3) for Restricted Stock, the greater of (i) the number of net Shares retained by, or
delivered to, the Participant after any restrictions lapse multiplied by the closing price of Shares on the date the
restrictions lapse or (ii) the amount realized upon the disposition of the number of net Shares delivered, in either
case less any applicable taxes withheld by the Company; and (4) for all other Awards, the value of Shares or cash
delivered to the Participant less any applicable taxes withheld by the Company.
6.4 Suspension of Exercise. The Company reserves the right from time to time to suspend the
exercise of any Award, where such suspension is deemed by the Company as necessary or appropriate for
corporate purposes. No such suspension shall extend the life of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right beyond its
expiration date, and in no event will there be a suspension in the five (5) calendar days immediately preceding the
expiration date.
ARTICLE 7 STOCK OPTIONS
7.1 Grant of Options. Options may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such
terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Each
grant of an Option shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement which shall specify whether the Option is in the
form of a Nonqualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option.
7.2 Option Price. The Option Price for each grant of an Option shall be determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion and shall be specified in the Award Agreement evidencing such Option; provided,
however, the Option Price must be at least equal to 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the Option’s
Grant Date, subject to adjustment as provided for under Section 4.5.
7.3 Term of Option. The term of an Option granted to a Participant shall be determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, no Option shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary
of the Grant Date.
7.4 Exercise of Option. An Option shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such
restrictions and conditions as the Committee shall in each instance approve, which terms and restrictions need
not be the same for each grant or for each Participant, except that no Option shall be exercisable within one
(1) year from its Grant Date, except in the case of the death of the Participant.
2025 Proxy Statement C-9