VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION
5.
WHAT ARE THE VOTING PROCEDURES AND WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED FOR
APPROVAL OF PROPOSALS?
Election of Directors—As provided in the Company’s Amended Articles of Incorporation, each of the 14
nominees for Director who receives a majority of votes cast will be elected as a member of the Board. A
“majority of votes cast” means that the number of shares cast “for” a nominee must exceed the number
of votes cast “against” that nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. Pursuant to
the By Laws of the Board of Directors, if a non-incumbent nominee for Director receives a greater
number of votes cast “against” than votes cast “for,” such nominee shall not be elected as a member of
the Board. Any incumbent nominee for Director who receives a greater number of votes cast “against”
than votes cast “for” shall continue to serve on the Board pursuant to Ohio law, but shall immediately
tender his or her resignation as a Director to the Board. Within 90 days, the Board will decide after
taking into account the recommendation of the G&PR Committee (in each case excluding the nominee
in question), whether to accept the resignation. Absent a compelling reason for the Director to remain
on the Board, the Board shall accept the resignation. The Board’s explanation of its decision shall be
promptly disclosed on a Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.
All other proposals require the affirmative vote of a majority of shares participating in the voting on each
proposal for approval. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as participating in the
voting and will therefore have no effect.
6.
WHO PAYS FOR THE COMPANY’S PROXY SOLICITATION?
The Company will bear the cost of the solicitation of proxies by the Company. We have hired D.F. King &
Co., Inc., a proxy solicitation firm, to assist us in soliciting proxies for a fee of $35,000 plus reasonable
expenses. In addition, D.F. King and the Company’s Directors, officers, and employees may also solicit
proxies by mail, telephone, personal contact, email, or other online methods. We will reimburse their
expenses for doing this.
We will also reimburse brokers, fiduciaries, and custodians for their costs in forwarding proxy materials
to beneficial owners of Company stock. Other proxy solicitation expenses that we will pay include those
for preparing, mailing, returning, and tabulating the proxies.
7.
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A “SHAREHOLDER OF RECORD” AND A
“BENEFICIAL OWNER” OF SHARES HELD IN STREET NAME?
You are the “shareholder of record” for any P&G shares that you own directly in your name in an account
with P&G’s stock transfer agent, EQ Shareowner Services.
You are a “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name” if your P&G shares are held in an account
with a broker, bank, or other holder of record as custodian on your behalf, including shares held in the
NA Plans or the UK and Ireland Plans. The broker, bank, or other holder of record is considered the
shareholder of record of these shares, commonly referred to as holding the shares in “street name.” As
the beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct the broker, bank, or other holder of record how to
vote your P&G shares.
8.
HOW DO I VOTE MY P&G SHARES HELD IN STREET NAME?
If your shares are held by a bank, broker, or other holder of record, you will receive voting instructions
from the holder of record. Your broker is required to vote your shares in accordance with your properly
submitted instructions.
9.
CAN I ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON?
This year’s meeting will be held exclusively online, with no option to attend in person. If you plan to
attend the virtual meeting, you will need to visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PG2025 and use
your 16-digit control number provided in the Notice or proxy card to log into the meeting. If you do not
have a 16-digit control number, you may still attend the meeting as a guest in listen-only mode. We
encourage shareholders to log in to the website and access the webcast early, beginning approximately 15
minutes before the annual meeting’s 9:00 a.m. ET start time. If you experience technical difficulties, please
contact the technical support telephone number posted on www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/PG2025.
99 The Procter & Gamble Company