EXHIBIT C
reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, distribution of stock or property of the Company, combination of
Shares, exchange of Shares, dividend in kind, extraordinary cash dividend or any other similar
corporate event or transaction (“Corporate Transaction”), the Committee, in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of Participants’ rights under this Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, (i) the
number and kind of Shares that may be issued under this Plan or under particular forms of Awards,
(ii) the number and kind of Shares subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) the Option Price or SAR Price
applicable to outstanding Awards, and (iv) the Annual Award Limits and other value determinations
applicable to outstanding Awards. The Committee, in its discretion, shall determine the
methodology or manner of making such substitution or adjustment.
(b) In addition to the adjustments permitted under paragraph (a) above, the Committee,
in its sole discretion, may make such other adjustments or modifications in the terms of any Awards
that it deems appropriate to reflect any Corporate Transaction, including, but not limited to,
modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of performance periods, provided
that no such adjustment or modification shall have the effect of materially and adversely reducing
Participant’s rights and opportunities with respect to outstanding Awards.
(c) The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be
conclusive and binding on Participants under this Plan.
ARTICLE 5 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION
5.1 Eligibility to Receive Awards. Individuals eligible to participate in this Plan include all
Employees and Non- employee Directors.
5.2 Participation in the Plan. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, from time
to time, select from all individuals eligible to participate in the Plan to whom Awards shall be granted and shall
determine, in its sole discretion, the nature of any and all terms permissible by law and the amount of each Award.
ARTICLE 6 RESTRICTIONS AND COVENANTS
6.1 Participant Obligations. In addition to such other conditions as may be established by the
Committee, in consideration of the granting of an Award under the terms of the Plan, each Employee who is a
Participant agrees to any and all restrictions and covenants set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Award
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time during which a Participant resides in a state or other
jurisdiction where the restrictions in Article 6 or the applicable Award Agreement are unenforceable, such
provisions shall not apply to such Participant.
6.2 Remedies. The Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict
any unexpired, unpaid or deferred Awards at any time if the Participant is not in compliance with all terms and
conditions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and the Plan. By acceptance of any Award granted under
the terms of the Plan, the Participant acknowledges that the remedies outlined in this Section 6.2 and in
Section 6.3 below are in addition to any remedy the Company or any affiliate or Subsidiary may have at law or in
equity, including without limitation injunctive and other appropriate relief. The Participant further acknowledges
that a breach or anticipated breach of any covenant in the Plan or applicable Award Agreement will result in
irreparable injury to the Company or one of its affiliates or Subsidiaries, for which there is no adequate remedy at
law, and that the Company or one of its affiliates or Subsidiaries shall be entitled to obtain from a court of
competent jurisdiction a temporary restraining order, a preliminary injunction, and/or a permanent injunction,
without proof of actual damages or posting a bond. If a Participant is not in compliance with all terms and
conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, and if litigation or other formal action is
required to enforce the Plan, the Company shall be entitled to record its reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees from
the Participant if the Company is the prevailing party. The Participant agrees that the Company will be considered
the prevailing party for purposes of awarding costs and attorneys’ fees if the Company obtains any form of partial
or complete injunctive relief, whether temporary, preliminary or otherwise.
C-8 The Procter & Gamble Company