EXHIBIT C
21.5 Delivery of Title. The Company shall have no obligation to issue or deliver evidence of title for
Shares issued under this Plan prior to:
(a) Obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines
are necessary or advisable; and
(b) Completion of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any
applicable national or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines
to be necessary or advisable.
21.6 Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any
regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary for the
lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure
to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
21.7 Investment Representations. The Committee may require any individual receiving Shares
pursuant to an Award under this Plan to represent and warrant in writing that the individual is acquiring the
Shares for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares.
21.8 Employees Based Outside of the United States. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to
the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company or any Subsidiaries operate
or have Employees or Directors, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to:
(a) Determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by this Plan;
(b) Determine which Employees or Directors outside the United States are eligible to
participate in this Plan;
(c) Modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Employees or Directors
outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws;
(d) Establish sub-plans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures,
to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable; and
(e) Take any action, before or after an Award is made, that it deems advisable to obtain
approval or comply with any necessary local government regulatory exemptions or approvals.
Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted,
that would violate applicable law.
21.9 Uncertificated Shares. To the extent that this Plan provides for issuance of certificates to
reflect the transfer of Shares, the transfer of such Shares may be effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent
not prohibited by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange.
21.10 Unfunded Plan. Participants shall have no right, title or interest whatsoever in or to any
investments that the Company or any Subsidiaries may make to aid it in meeting its obligations under this Plan.
Nothing contained in this Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to
create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, beneficiary, legal
representative or any other individual. To the extent that any individual acquires a right to receive payments from
the Company or any Subsidiary under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured
general creditor of the Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be. All payments to be made hereunder shall
be paid from the general funds of the Company, or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, and no special or separate
fund shall be established, and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts except
as expressly set forth in this Plan.
21.11 No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan or
any Award. The Committee shall determine whether cash, Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu
of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise
eliminated.
C-18 The Procter & Gamble Company