OTHER MATTERS
Zehnder to help identify potential candidates for the Board. All nominees for election as Directors who currently
serve on the Board are known to the G&PR Committee and were recommended by the G&PR Committee to the
Board as Director nominees.
Pursuant to the Company’s Code of Regulations, a shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to
the Board at an annual meeting of shareholders without being included in the Company’s proxy statement is
required to give written notice to the Secretary of the Company of their intention to make such nomination. The
notice of nomination must be received at the Company’s principal executive offices not less than 140 days nor
more than 240 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year’s annual shareholder meeting. Certain
other notice periods apply if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days
after such anniversary date. Based on the anticipated one-year anniversary of the 2025 annual meeting, a
shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at the 2026 annual meeting must provide
such notice no earlier than February 16, 2026, and no later than May 27, 2026.
As set forth in the Company’s Code of Regulations, the notice of nomination is required to contain information
about both the nominee and the shareholder making the nomination, including information sufficient to allow
the G&PR Committee to determine if the candidate meets certain criteria. A nomination that does not comply
with the requirements set forth in the Company’s Code of Regulations will not be considered for presentation at
the annual meeting.
In addition to satisfying the requirements of the Company’s Code of Regulations, including the notice deadlines
set out above and therein, to comply with universal proxy rules, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in
support of Director nominees other than the Company’s nominees must also provide notice that sets forth the
information required by Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act no later than May 27, 2026.
In addition, our Code of Regulations permits a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, who has owned at
least 3% of our outstanding common stock for at least 3 years, to nominate and include in our proxy statement
candidates for our Board, subject to certain requirements (known as “Proxy Access”). Each eligible shareholder, or
group of shareholders, may nominate candidates for Director, up to a limit of the greater of 2 individuals or 20% of
the number of Directors on the Board. Any nominee must meet the qualification standards set forth in the
Corporate Governance Guidelines, as described above.
Any such Proxy Access notice and nomination materials must be received at the address above not less than 120
days and not more than 150 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year’s annual shareholder
meeting. Certain other notice periods apply if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more
than 60 days after such anniversary date. Based on the anticipated one-year anniversary of the 2025 annual
meeting, an eligible shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at the 2026 annual
meeting pursuant to Proxy Access must provide such notice no earlier than May 17, 2026, and no later than
June 16, 2026. Any such notice and accompanying nomination materials must meet the requirements set forth in
our Code of Regulations, which are publicly available at www.pg.com.
Other Matters
Unless corrections are identified, the minutes of the annual meeting of shareholders held October 8, 2024, will be
approved as recorded. Any such action approving the minutes does not constitute approval or disapproval of any
of the matters referenced therein.
If any matters other than those set forth in the notice should be properly presented for action at the annual
meeting, the persons named in the proxy will use their discretion to take such action as they deem to be in
harmony with the policies of the Company.
103 The Procter & Gamble Company