SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
SUPPORTING STATEMENT: The report should, at Board discretion:
• Assess the reputational, financial, and operational risks associated with continuing to use non-recyclable
plastic packaging while plastic pollution grows;
• Evaluate feasible actions to achieve fully recyclable packaging including elimination and accelerated research
into innovative reusable substitution; and
• Describe opportunities to pre-competitively work with peers to research and develop reusable packaging as
an alternative to single-use packaging.
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST THIS PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING
REASONS:
P&G’s objective is to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line growth while serving the needs of all stakeholders –
consumers, customers, employees, society and shareowners. Our efforts in Environmental Sustainability, including
our efforts to reduce plastic waste, are focused on creating value while lowering P&G’s environmental impact,
enabling consumers to reduce their footprint without compromising performance, and innovating across
industries to address some of the most pressing challenges. We provide information about our efforts on our
Investor ESG portal and in other communications throughout the year.1 Given our continuing work and
transparency on this issue, we believe the proposal to issue an additional report on this topic is unnecessary and
would not advance shareholder value.
We Continue to Pursue a Robust Strategy to Reduce Plastic Waste, including Flexible
Plastics.
We are focused on innovative packaging solutions that delight consumers, reduce plastic, create transportation
efficiencies, and facilitate reuse of materials. Importantly, packaging plays an essential role in protecting, shipping,
and using our products. This is especially true for flexible plastic packaging as films play a key role in product
protection and safety. Flexible plastics also offer the potential for reducing total plastic use and are an efficient and
effective means of providing refillable product models, which we continue to explore.
As of FY2023-24, 80% of our consumer packaging is designed to be recyclable or reusable. We have reduced our
use of virgin petroleum plastic in consumer packaging by 21% per unit of production and by 14% on an absolute
basis versus our FY2017-18 baseline.
Our results are driven by a wide range of efforts to design superior packaging for consumers with more
sustainable attributes, including for example:
• Lightweighting efforts to reduce the amount of plastic material in packaging, such as Head & Shoulders BARE
bottles.
• Moving to mono-material films when viable to better align with designed-for-recycling guidelines.
• Using alternatives to plastic such as the consumer-preferred paper packaging innovations for Gillette and
Venus razors.
• Developing innovative product forms—like Olay Melts and Tide Evo—that drive irresistible superiority and
enable the increased use of paper packaging.
• Increasing our use of recycled content in consumer packaging, doubling our use of recycled resin since our
baseline year FY2017-18.
• Developing technology to eliminate plastic or paper labels by printing directly on the consumer packaging.
Beyond packaging design, we have longstanding efforts to increase the recovery of plastic in various forms. We
are playing an active leadership role in efforts to accelerate curbside collection of flexible films, seeking to improve
consumer access to recycling and to grow the supply of post-consumer recycled material. For example, we are a
member of The Recycling Partnership, serving on the Film & Flexibles Recycling Coalition, which seeks scaled
solutions for curbside collection and sorting. We also work with groups like the Alliance to End Plastic Waste,
95 The Procter & Gamble Company