EXHIBIT C
prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under this Plan. The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive
and binding on Participants under this Plan. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any
adjustment to the Award made pursuant to this Section 19.2 without further consideration or action.
19.3 Awards Previously Granted. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary,
other than Sections 19.2, 19.4 and 21.15, no termination or amendment of this Plan or an Award Agreement shall
adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted under this Plan, without the written consent of
the Participant holding such Award.
19.4 Amendment to Conform to Law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the
contrary, the Board or Committee may amend the Plan or an Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively or
otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan or an Award Agreement to
any law relating to plans of this or similar nature, and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated
thereunder. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any amendment made pursuant to
this Section 19.4 to the Plan and any Award without further consideration or action.
ARTICLE 20 TAX WITHHOLDING
20.1 Amount of Tax Withholding. The Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or
withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, or otherwise satisfy the obligation in any other manner
in which the Committee determines appropriate, the amount necessary to satisfy applicable federal, state and
local tax withholding requirements, domestic or foreign, with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of this
Plan, but in no event shall such deduction or withholding or remittance exceed the maximum statutory
withholding requirements in the applicable jurisdiction.
20.2 Share Withholding. With respect to withholding required upon the exercise of Options or
SARs, upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Stock, upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or
Performance Stock Units, or any other taxable event arising as a result of an Award granted hereunder (collectively
and individually referred to as a “Share Payment”), the Committee may choose to satisfy the withholding
requirement, in whole or in part, by having the Company withhold from a Share Payment the number of Shares
having a Fair Market Value on the date the withholding is to be determined equal to the amount necessary to
satisfy applicable federal, state and local tax withholding requirements, domestic or foreign, with respect to any
taxable event arising as a result of this Plan, but in no event shall such withholding exceed the maximum statutory
withholding requirement in the applicable jurisdiction.
ARTICLE 21 GENERAL PROVISIONS
21.1 Legend. The certificates for Shares may include any legend that the Committee deems
appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer of such Shares.
21.2 Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term
used herein also shall include the feminine, the plural shall include the singular, and the singular shall include the
plural.
21.3 Severability. In the event any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any
reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of this Plan, and this Plan shall be construed
and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.
21.4 Requirements of Law. The granting of Awards and the issuance of Shares under this Plan
shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies
or national securities exchanges as may be required.
2025 Proxy Statement C-17