CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INDEPENDENT LEAD DIRECTOR
When the Board determines that the same individual should hold the positions of CEO and Chairman of the
Board or if the Chairman of the Board is not independent, the independent Directors of the Board elect for an
annual term a Lead Director from among the independent Directors. The Lead Director role is significant, with
responsibilities consistent with accepted best practices and designed to ensure a well-functioning Board with
independent oversight, including:
• Preside at all meetings of the Board in the • Advise the Chairman of the Board and CEO, as
absence of, or upon the request of, the Chairman appropriate, on issues discussed at executive
of the Board sessions of non-employee and/or independent
Directors
• Lead regular executive sessions of the
independent Directors • Review with the CEO, throughout the year, the
non-employee Directors’ ongoing evaluation of
• Provide input to and approve agendas for the
and feedback on the CEO’s performance
Board meetings and information sent to the
Board • Serve as principal liaison between the
non-employee and/or independent Directors, as a
• Approve meeting schedules to assure sufficient
group, and the Chairman of the Board and CEO,
time for discussion of all agenda items
as necessary
• Call special meetings of the Board as necessary to
• Engage when necessary and appropriate, after
address important or urgent Company issues
consultation with the Chairman of the Board and
• Call meetings of the non-employee and/or
CEO, as the liaison between the Board and the
independent Directors, with appropriate notice
Company’s shareholders and other stakeholders
• Advise the G&PR Committee and the Chairman of
• Foster open dialogue and constructive feedback
the Board on the membership of the various
among the independent Directors
Board Committees and the selection of
• Facilitate cross-Committee feedback
Committee chairpersons
• Select an interim Lead Director to preside over
• Advise the Chairman of the Board on the
meetings at which he or she cannot be present
retention of advisors and consultants who report
directly to the Board
Mr. Jimenez serves as the Board’s current Lead Director, having originally been appointed to the role in 2021. In his
capacity as Lead Director, Mr. Jimenez has worked closely with Mr. Moeller to ensure effective leadership,
appropriate engagement, and meaningful oversight by the Board. Led by Mr. Jimenez, the non-employee
Directors met eight times during FY 2024-25 in executive sessions (without the presence of Mr. Moeller or other
employees of the Company) to discuss various matters related to oversight, Board affairs, succession planning,
and CEO performance. Mr. Jimenez continues to foster an open and constructive dialogue among the
independent Directors and advises Mr. Moeller of the independent Directors’ discussions, including performance
feedback, and follows up on meeting outcomes and actions. Mr. Jimenez also periodically leads candid
one-on-one conversations with each Director, outside of regularly scheduled meetings, to gather feedback on
Board and Director strengths and needs, management performance, and overall Board functioning.
In June, the non-employee Directors reappointed Mr. Jimenez as Lead Director for FY 2025-26. Mr. Jimenez is an
experienced executive and Director, having served as CEO of Novartis AG, in leadership positions with H.J. Heinz
Company and ConAgra Foods, and as a director of several public companies. He is recognized for his innovation
and leadership skills and has provided important insight and guidance to the Company and the Board during his
tenure as a Director. Mr. Jimenez is a thoughtful, highly engaged Director. His fellow Directors and members of
Company management appreciate that he routinely makes himself available to the Chairman and his fellow
Directors outside of regular Board meetings and is particularly responsive to requests for insight and perspective
throughout the year. The Board is confident that, as Lead Director, he will continue to work in close partnership
with Mr. Moeller and Mr. Jejurikar to ensure a successful CEO transition, strong and independent oversight of
ongoing Board matters, and effective collaboration among the Directors. The Board will continue to periodically
evaluate its leadership structure.
21 The Procter & Gamble Company