COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Executive Compensation Program Overview
The following table outlines the key components of our executive compensation programs and their purpose.
PURPOSE AND KEY CHARACTERISTICS
HSAC
BASE SALARY
Purpose:
Rewards individual performance
Key Characteristics:
● Market-competitive based on the median cash compensation of comparable positions in the compensation
peer group, regressed for revenue size where appropriate.
● Fixed component with progression over time based on individual performance and scope of responsibility.
noisrevnoC
lanoitpO
snoitpO
kcotS
ot
SHORT-TERM ACHIEVEMENT REWARD (“STAR”)
Purpose:
Rewards Business Unit and Company performance
Key Characteristics:
● Market-competitive target set as a percentage of salary based on total cash compensation benchmarking.
● The STAR award is based on a weighted formula of 70% Business Unit Performance Factor and 30% Total
Company Performance Factor (as modified by the ESG Factor, i.e., a multiplier of 80-120%). Exceptional
performance results in higher awards, and poor performance could result in a zero payout.
● Executives can elect to receive stock options in lieu of cash or may elect to defer into a nonqualified deferred
compensation account.
YTIUQE
sUSR
,snoitpO
kcotS
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (“LTIP”)
Purpose:
Award size rewards individual performance; Focuses executives on the long-term success of the Company and
enhances retention
Key Characteristics:
● Target grant values are based on peer median long-term compensation target values.
● Final award amounts are based on business results and individual contributions. 50% of the executive’s total long-
term incentive value is delivered in the LTIP.
● Executives can elect to receive their LTIP as stock options with three-year cliff-vesting and 10-year expiration or
RSUs with three-year cliff-vesting, or a combination of both.
sUSP
PERFORMANCE STOCK PROGRAM (“PSP”)
Purpose:
Award size rewards individual performance; Focuses executives on key financial measures intended to drive P&G to
the top-third of our marketplace competitive peer group
Key Characteristics:
● 50% of the executive’s total long-term incentive value is delivered in the PSP.
● The initial grant of Performance Stock Units (PSUs) pays out at the end of a three-year performance period
based on the Company’s performance against four balanced financial metrics that are the key drivers of Total
Shareholder Return and is further modified by a Relative TSR Multiplier.
sUSR
RETENTION AND RECOGNITION
Purpose:
Retention of talent or recognition of exceptional performance
Key Characteristics:
● RSUs with special vesting; used rarely.
SEITISIUQREP
REHTO
DNA
STIFENEB
OTHER COMPENSATION
Purpose:
Ensures the safety and productivity of executive officers
Key Characteristics:
● Annual physicals, financial planning, transportation, security, life insurance, and corporate aircraft use.
TNEMERITER
RETIREMENT AND DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS
Purpose:
Provides market-competitive benefits for retirement income and tax-advantaged financial planning
Key Characteristics:
● U.S. employees participate in the P&G Profit Sharing Trust and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (”PST”), in which
the Company makes an annual contribution used to purchase Company stock.
● Non-U.S. executives participate in the International Retirement Plan, in which they receive RSUs valued at an
amount equal to the contribution that would have been contributed under the PST.
● The Procter & Gamble Global International Retirement Arrangement Plan provides a supplemental retirement
benefit to certain employees which is intended to mitigate any adverse impact to total pension values in their
home countries.
● A full description of Retirement Programs and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation is provided on page 51.
43 The Procter & Gamble Company