EXHIBIT C
7.5 Notice of Exercise. An Option shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the
Company or an agent designated by the Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee, or by
complying with any alternative procedures that may be authorized by the Committee, setting forth the number of
Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised.
7.6 Payment of Option Price. A condition of the issuance of the Shares as to which an Option
shall be exercised shall be the payment of the Option Price. The Option Price of any exercised Option shall be
payable to the Company in accordance with one of the following methods:
(a) In cash or its equivalent;
(b) By a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise;
(c) By any combination of (a) and (b); or
(d) Any other method approved or accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all payments under all of the methods indicated
above shall be paid in United States dollars or Shares, as applicable.
7.7 Special Rules Regarding ISOs. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, an
Option granted in the form of an ISO to a Participant shall be subject to the following rules. An ISO may be
granted solely to eligible Employees of the Company, a parent corporation, or a subsidiary, as defined in Code
Section 422. An Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an ISO shall specify that such grant is intended to be
an ISO. The Option Price for each grant of an ISO must be at least equal to 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share
as of the ISO’s Grant Date (in the case of 10% owners, within the meaning of Code Section 422, the Option Price
must be at least 110% of such Fair Market Value), subject to adjustment provided for under Section 4.5. Any ISO
granted to a Participant shall be exercisable during the Participant’s lifetime solely by such Participant. The period
during which a Participant may exercise an ISO shall not exceed ten (10) years (five (5) years in the case of a
Participant who is a 10% owner within the meaning of Code Section 422) from its Grant Date. To the extent that
the aggregate Fair Market Value of (a) the Shares with respect to which Options are designated as ISOs plus
(b) the shares of stock of the Company, parent corporation and subsidiary with respect to which other ISOs are
exercisable for the first time by a holder of such ISOs during any calendar year under all plans of the Company, any
parent corporation, and any subsidiary exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock
Options. For purposes of the preceding sentence, (a) Options shall be taken into account in the order in which
they were granted, and (b) the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time the Option or
other ISO is granted. No more than 100,000,000 Shares shall be available under this Plan for delivery with respect
to ISOs. No ISO may be granted more than ten years after the earlier of (a) adoption of this Plan by the Board and
(b) the Effective Date. No ISO may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated,
other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that at the discretion of the
Committee, an ISO may be transferred to a grantor trust under which the Participant making the transfer is the
sole beneficiary.
ARTICLE 8 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS
8.1 Grant of SARs. SARs may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and
at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Each grant of
SARs shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
8.2 SAR Price. The SAR Price for each grant of an SAR shall be determined by the Committee and
shall be specified in the Award Agreement evidencing the SAR; provided, however, the SAR Price must be at least
equal to 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share as of the Grant Date, subject to adjustment as provided for under
Section 4.5.
8.3 Term of SAR. The term of an SAR granted to a Participant shall be determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, no SAR shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of
the Grant Date.
C-10 The Procter & Gamble Company