COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Compensation Governance Practices and Oversight
Our executive compensation practices are designed to incentivize strong performance, support good governance,
and mitigate excessive risk-taking.
WHAT WE DO:
Target compensation at the median of an appropriate peer group, with
substantial variation based on performance.
Significant share ownership and equity holding requirements are in
place for senior executives.
Multiple performance metrics under STAR and PSP remove any
incentive to focus on a single performance goal to the detriment of
other goals.
Appropriate balance between short-term and long-term compensation
discourages short-term risk-taking at the expense of long-term results.
Double Trigger: Equity awards do not vest solely on account of a change
in control (requires a qualifying termination following a change in
control).
Engagement of an Independent Advisor: Our C&LD Committee engages
an independent compensation consultant, who performs no other work
for the Company, to advise on executive compensation matters.
Recoupment policy requires the Company to recoup excess
compensation payments from Section 16 officers in the event the
Company is required to restate its financial results. Additionally, the two
most recent stock plans allow recovery of proceeds from stock awards if
a participant violates certain plan provisions, such as taking actions that
may damage the reputation, goodwill, or stability of the Company.
WHAT WE DO NOT DO:
No employment contracts with executives containing special severance payments such as golden
parachutes.
No special executive retirement programs and no severance programs that are specific to executive officers.
No gross-up payments to cover personal income taxes or excise taxes that pertain to executive or severance
benefits.
No excessive perquisites for executives.
No hedging or engaging in the following transactions that include shares of common stock: pledging, collars,
short sales, and other derivative transactions.
No re-pricing or backdating stock options.
53 The Procter & Gamble Company