COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
While the target total compensation for our NEOs is set considering size-adjusted median target total
compensation within our compensation peer group, actual compensation varies depending on the NEO’s
responsibility and experience in the particular role, as well as on total Company, business unit, and individual
performance. Consistent with our principles to pay for performance and pay competitively, substantial differences
may exist among NEOs’ pay.
Stock Ownership Requirements
To reinforce the importance of stock ownership and long-term focus for our most senior executives, including the
NEOs, the C&LD Committee established the Executive Share Ownership Program and equity holding
requirement.
The Executive Share Ownership Program requires Executive officers to hold a certain multiple of their salary in
Company stock and/or RSUs. The program requires all NEOs other than the CEO to hold four times salary. The CEO
ownership requirement is eight times salary. The C&LD Committee annually reviews these holdings, and as of
June 30, 2025, all of the NEOs, including the CEO, exceeded these requirements.
The Equity Holding Requirement ensures executives remain focused on sustained shareholder value even after
exercising their stock options or receiving shares from RSU settlements or PSU payouts. The equity holding
requirement applies when an executive, including NEOs, has not met the ownership requirements of the
Executive Share Ownership Program. When the holding requirement applies, the CEO is required to hold the net
shares received from stock option exercises and RSU and PSU settlements for at least three years, and the other
NEOs are required to hold net shares received for at least one year. The holding requirement does not apply to
unrestricted stock or to STAR awards that executives elect to take as stock options instead of cash.
Mitigation of Excessive Risk-Taking
RECOUPMENT POLICIES
The C&LD Committee has adopted two recoupment policies, one applicable to Section 16 Officers and the other
applicable to all other senior executives.
The Dodd-Frank Recoupment Policy, applicable to Section 16 Officers, requires the Company to recover any excess
incentive-based compensation in the event that the Company is required to restate its financial statements due to
the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities
laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error: (i) in previously issued financial
statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements; or (ii) that would result in a material
misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. This policy
complies with, and will be interpreted and administered in a manner consistent with, all applicable laws and
regulations, including without limitation Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and Rule 10D-1 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The Senior Executive Officer Recoupment Policy, applicable to all other senior executives, permits the C&LD
Committee to recoup certain STAR or long-term incentive program payments made to executives in the event of
a significant restatement of financial results for any reason.
The authority under these policies is in addition to the C&LD Committee’s authority under The Procter & Gamble
2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (“2019 Plan”) and prior plans to suspend or terminate any
outstanding equity if the C&LD Committee determines that the participant violated certain plan provisions.
Moreover, the 2019 Plan, The Procter & Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (“2014 Plan”), and The
Procter & Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended) (“2009 Plan”), each have a provision
that allows the Company or the C&LD Committee to recover certain proceeds from option exercises or delivery of
shares if the participant violates certain plan provisions, such as taking actions that are significantly contrary to the
best interests of the Company, including actions that cause harm to the Company’s reputation, stability, or
goodwill.
2025 Proxy Statement 56