CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT
The Board has also delegated certain risk oversight responsibilities to specific Board Committees. This delegation
is informed by, among other considerations, the subject matter of the risk, the expertise and scope of each
Committee as outlined in its charter, the members of management responsible for developing appropriate
mitigation plans, and the frequency of expected developments and updates. In overseeing specific risks, each
Committee reports regularly to the full Board, and the Chairman of the Board and Lead Director review with the
relevant Committee Chair and with management whether a particular risk or item merits additional discussion
with the full Board.
Audit Committee
Oversees the Company’s overall risk management process, focusing on accounting and financial controls,
financial statement integrity, information security, cybersecurity, legal and regulatory compliance, tax
policy and compliance, business continuity planning, and ethics and compliance programs, and routinely
discusses the Company’s risk profile, risk management, and risk exposures with management, internal
auditors, and the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm.
Compensation & Leadership Development Committee
Oversees risks related to the development of and succession planning for the Company’s executive
officers, risks associated with the Company’s equality and inclusion practices and policies, and risks
associated with the Company’s compensation policies and practices, as discussed further below under
“Compensation-Related Risk.”
Governance & Public Responsibility Committee
Oversees risks related to the Company’s corporate governance structure and processes, including
Director qualifications, Board and Committee succession planning, and independence, as well as risks
related to product quality, public policy, social responsibility, environmental sustainability, and the
Company’s reputation.
Innovation & Technology Committee
Oversees risks related to emerging technologies, the changing media landscape, the Company’s
innovation strategy, integration of new technologies, and ingredient safety.
MANAGEMENT
In defining and implementing the Company’s strategic plans, management works to identify, evaluate, manage,
and mitigate the risks inherent in them. Business and function leaders escalate as appropriate key risks as part of
their regular strategy reviews with the Company’s senior management. This risk escalation process is further
informed by the Company’s formal ERM Program, the external auditor, and our compliance monitoring and risk
assurance activities.
As part of the Company’s ERM Program, members of a cross-functional team conduct extensive interviews of
Company experts, leaders, and specialists across levels, functions, and geographies throughout the year. Using both
qualitative and quantitative reviews, this team seeks to identify, on a continual basis, the most pressing current and
future potential risks facing the Company. Led by experienced risk and compliance professionals in Global Internal
Audit (“GIA”), these risks are analyzed and reported to relevant business and governance leaders within the
Company, who partner to develop plans and strategies to appropriately manage and mitigate these risks.
Annually, the full Board discusses with senior management the most significant risks identified in the ERM
process, providing input on the steps taken to mitigate each risk and plans for additional mitigation in the year
ahead. In addition, the ERM team conducts periodic progress reviews of top enterprise risks with the accountable
2025 Proxy Statement 30