CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Shareholder and Stakeholder Engagement
We engage with our shareholders and our many other stakeholders throughout the year, providing perspective on
our business results and reinforcing our commitment to our integrated strategy on earnings calls, at shareholder and
analyst conferences, in small engagements, and in one-on-one meetings with shareholders, analysts, and other
stakeholders. In addition, we proactively seek shareholder input and perspective and respond to requests for
information on various topics. These engagements and exchanges can inform our corporate practices, help sharpen
our thinking, and strengthen our approach. Our shareholders and stakeholders sometimes represent specialized
perspectives or hold conflicting views from one another, so we must analyze the feedback they share with us as part
of the total mix of information we consider in seeking to serve shareholders, consumers, and all stakeholders.
In general, we approach this work through a cycle of:
Year-Round Outreach and Engagement
Senior management, our Investor Relations team, and subject matter experts from the Company
maintain a year-round dialogue with investors to gain their perspectives on current issues and
priorities and to address any questions or concerns. Our Directors are available for engagement with
shareholders when appropriate. These engagements cover a variety of topics, including corporate
strategy, risk oversight, corporate governance, environmental sustainability practices, workforce
policies, and executive compensation.
Ongoing Review and Evaluation
We assess the feedback we receive from investors and share it with senior management and the
Board. We also discuss key aspects with the appropriate Board Committee, reviewing, for example,
compensation-related comments and questions with the C&LD Committee and input regarding
corporate governance or environmental sustainability matters with the G&PR Committee.
Continual Updates and Action
We consider feedback received as we update our policies, practices, and disclosures. For example,
consistent with input from some of our shareholders, we provided additional information in this proxy
statement on how cybersecurity risk is managed. We also updated our ESG Portal to provide
additional information regarding raw material sourcing practices and made updates to our sourcing
policy to increase transparency.
The Company’s top 100 institutional shareholders collectively own over 50% of the Company’s outstanding shares
of common stock, and we generally focus our proactive shareholder outreach efforts on these shareholders. We
conduct meetings with institutional shareholders in person, via virtual meetings and telephone calls, and
one-on-one at conferences throughout the year. We also routinely respond to individual shareholders and other
stakeholders who provide feedback about our business.
This year, the Company again conducted focused meetings with several of our top institutional shareholders,
discussing our strategy for, and Board oversight of, numerous topics. In November 2024, we held a broad investor
forum to provide interested stakeholders a further opportunity to learn about the Company’s work and to ask
questions of our senior management and internal experts. In addition, the Company received positive investor
feedback on the focused environmental sustainability and corporate governance engagements and related
broader investor presentation and Q&A we conducted in FY 2024-25, which included more than 75 shareholder
participants, ranging from large institutions to individual investors. These meetings were led by our Chairman and
CEO and included perspective from our CFO, Senior Vice President for Investor Relations, and Vice President of
Global Sustainability. These focused meetings complement the many engagements that our Investor Relations
team and Company subject matter experts had with a broad range of shareholders. These shareholders included
not only the Company’s largest owners but also relatively smaller owners with specific interests in topics like
climate, human rights, and biodiversity. The Company also has regular engagement with NGOs and other investor
advisory groups, such as Sustainalytics, Climate Action 100+, and others to help ensure investors have accurate
information and Company perspective on the topics of interest to them.
We will continue our shareholder engagement during FY 2025-26, including participation at analyst meetings and
conferences. We remain committed to these ongoing discussions and welcome feedback from all shareholders,
who can reach our Investor Relations team by visiting www.pginvestor.com or contact our Directors or executive
officers as described on page 35.
19 The Procter & Gamble Company