Non-GAAP Measures
The Company’s presentation includes the pro forma adjusted debt/EBITDAR ratio at the anticipated closing date of the transaction and the pro forma adjusted
debt/EBITDAR ratio that the Company expects to achieve over a 24-month period following closing of the transaction. This supplemental information includes non-
GAAP measures that should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related U.S. GAAP measures. Set forth below is a reconciliation of the pro forma
adjusted debt/EBITDAR ratio at the anticipated closing date to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. Additionally, the Company cannot reconcile the forward-
looking adjusted debt/EBTIDAR ratio that it expects to achieve over a 24-month period following closing of the transaction to the corresponding U.S. GAAP measures,
due to variability and difficulty in making accurate forecasts and projections and/or certain information not being ascertainable or accessible, and because not all of the
information, such as Net Earnings, EBITDAR, and Adjusted Debt, necessary for a quantitative reconciliation of such forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to
the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures is available to the Company without unreasonable efforts.
Adjusted Debt/EBITDAR
We believe that our adjusted debt/EBITDAR ratio better enables management and investors to understand and analyze our level of indebtedness in relation to our
capital structure. We define adjusted debt/EBITDAR as follows:
Adjusted Debt (Page 14)
We define adjusted debt as long-term debt (including current installments of long-term debt), plus short-term debt, plus eight times operating rents for the
trailing twelve months. We continue to use the eight times operating rents methodology to calculate adjusted debt post implementation of Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 842, Leases, ("Topic 842") as it typically results in a more conservative estimate and is still used by a primary U.S. rating agency.
EBITDAR (Page 15)
We define EBITDAR as net earnings before interest and other, net, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and operating rents calculated on a trailing
twelve-month basis.
Adjusted Debt/EBITDAR (Page 15)
We define adjusted debt/EBITDAR as adjusted debt divided by EBITDAR.
13
CONFIDENTIAL