Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
2022‑‑2024 relative TSR modifier based on Verizon’s TSR rank among S&P 100
Ranked 1st-25th
+25%
82nd
0
Ranked 75th-100th
Ranked 26th-74th
-25%
1% subtracted from modifier for each decrease in rank
2022‑‑2024 PSU payout. Based on the results described above, in the first quarter of 2025 the Committee determined
that the PSUs awarded to our named executive officers for the 2022‑2024 performance cycle would payout at 0%.
Committee actions taken after fiscal year 2024
In March 2025, the Committee recommended, and the Board approved, an increase to the annual target long‑term
incentive opportunity for Mr. Vestberg, based on its assessment of the market competitiveness of his total
compensation opportunity, his tenure and his experience. Mr. Vestberg’s target 2025 long‑term incentive
opportunity increased from $18,000,000 to $25,000,000, and consistent with Mr. Vestberg's prior annual long‑term
incentive awards, the award is comprised of 67% PSUs and 33% RSUs. The PSUs and RSUs are subject to the same
terms and conditions as the PSUs and RSUs granted to the other senior executives, which is consistent with prior
year long‑term incentive awards.
Other elements of the compensation program
Verizon also provides the named executive officers with limited additional benefits as generally described below,
which are subject to applicable taxes and not intended to be a significant portion of their overall pay package. No
named executive officer is eligible for a tax gross‑up payment in connection with any of these benefits, including with
respect to excise tax liability arising from any Internal Revenue Code Section 280G excess parachute payments.
Personal benefits
Transportation. Verizon provides limited aircraft and ground transportation benefits to enhance the safety and
security of certain named executive officers. These transportation benefits also serve business purposes, such as
allowing an executive to attend to confidential business matters while in transit.
Executive life insurance. Verizon offers the named executive officers and other executives the opportunity to
participate in an executive life insurance program in lieu of participating in our basic and supplemental life insurance
programs. The executives who elect to participate in the executive life insurance program own the life insurance
policy, and Verizon provides an annual cash payment to defray a portion of the annual premiums.
Financial planning. Verizon provides a voluntary Company‑sponsored financial planning benefit program for the
named executive officers and other executives. If an executive participates in the program, the cost of the financial
planning benefit is included in the executive’s income.
For additional information on these benefits, see footnote 4 to the Summary Compensation table on page 37.
Retirement benefits
Over 15 years ago, the Committee determined that guaranteed pay in the form of defined benefit pension and
supplemental executive retirement benefits was not consistent with Verizon’s pay‑for‑performance culture.
Accordingly, effective June 30, 2006, Verizon froze all future pension accruals under its management tax‑qualified
and supplemental defined benefit retirement plans. These legacy retirement benefits that were previously provided
to certain executives, including Messrs. Malady and Silliman and Ms. Venkatesh, are described in more detail under
the section titled “Pension plans” beginning on page 43.
During 2024, all of Verizon’s named executive officers were eligible to participate in Verizon’s tax‑qualified defined
contribution savings plan, the Verizon Management Savings Plan, referred to as the Savings Plan, and Verizon’s
nonqualified defined contribution savings plan, the Verizon Executive Deferral Plan, referred to as the Deferral Plan.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 33