Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Board and committee assessments
Our Board conducts a comprehensive annual assessment to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and its committees
and to continue to reflect evolving best practices in their processes. The Lead Director generally leads the assessment
process, but the Board periodically engages a third‑party consulting firm to bring an outside perspective to the process.
As part of the annual assessment, each Director completes a detailed written questionnaire designed to elicit suggestions
for improving the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, and to obtain feedback on a range of issues, including
Board leadership, culture, corporate purpose and strategy, composition and structure, and risk management. Following
the Directors’ submissions of their completed questionnaires, the Lead Director or the third‑party consulting firm conducts
individual interviews with each of the independent Directors to discuss these topics, among others. The Lead Director
then facilitates an evaluation session with the full Board to discuss the feedback received from the questionnaires and
from the Director interviews. The evaluation for 2024 was conducted by the Lead Director and concluded that the Board
and its committees are operating effectively. Recommendations in recent years to further enhance Board effectiveness,
which we addressed, have included continued focus on Board refreshment, strategic and operational oversight, and the
development of Verizon’s next generation of leaders.
In addition to annual assessments, the Board evaluates and modifies its oversight of Verizon’s operations on an ongoing
basis. During their executive sessions, the independent Directors consider agenda topics that they believe deserve
additional focus and raise new topics to be addressed in future meetings.
The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee annually appraises the framework for our Board and committee
assessment processes.
Board and committee assessment process
Feedback One‑on‑one Reporting Closed session Feedback
solicited discussions back discussion incorporated
Questionnaire on a Candid, one‑on‑one A summary of the Closed session Policies and practices
range of topics relating discussions between assessment results discussion of the updated as
to enhancing Board the Lead Director or provided to the Board assessment results appropriate to
effectiveness third‑party consulting facilitated by the address any
firm and Directors to Lead Director suggestions or
elicit additional enhancements per the
feedback assessment
Director orientation and continuing education
We provide our Directors with comprehensive orientation and education programs to promote a deep understanding of
issues affecting our business and industry, help Directors stay current and knowledgeable about the Company’s
business and its competitive and technology landscape, and support Directors in performing their oversight duties.
New Director orientation. When a new Director joins the Board, we conduct an orientation program that includes,
among other things, a review of the Company’s purpose, business strategy and operations, technology, financial
condition, legal and regulatory framework, and other relevant topics.
Director continuing education. We support current Directors in their ongoing learning by providing continuing education
opportunities and programs. These programs may include presentations by thought leaders and industry experts, formal
education sessions, meetings with management subject matter experts, participation in industry forums and site visits.
Oversight of strategy
All of our Directors have deep experience and expertise in strategic planning and execution. The Board engages Verizon’s
senior leaders in robust discussions about strategic goals and challenges them to execute on the strategic plan, address
emerging challenges and disruptions, and promote innovation. In addition to an annual strategy retreat, the agenda for each
regularly scheduled Board meeting allocates substantial time for strategy topics. During these reviews, the Board engages
with senior management on a variety of topics, which may include the competitive landscape, operational objectives and
challenges and regulatory and technological developments.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 13