Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Director criteria, qualifications and experience
To be eligible for consideration, any proposed Director candidate must:
• Possess exemplary ethics and integrity
• Have proven judgment and competence
• Have professional skills and experience that align with the needs of Verizon’s long‑term business strategy and
complement the experience represented on the Board
• Have demonstrated the ability to act independently and be willing to represent the long‑term interests of all
shareholders and not just those of a particular constituency or perspective
• Be willing and able to devote sufficient time to fulfill responsibilities to Verizon and our shareholders
Election process
Verizon’s Directors are elected annually for a term of one year. We believe annual elections are consistent with good
corporate governance because they foster Director accountability and increase shareholder confidence. Verizon’s
bylaws require Directors to be elected by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election.
Nominees for election
Our Board has nominated the 10 candidates below, all of whom currently serve as Directors of Verizon, for election
as Directors. In June 2024, the Board elected Ms. Litchfield as an independent Director, effective October 1, 2024.
Ms. Litchfield was recommended by an executive search firm retained by the Corporate Governance and Policy
Committee.
Each candidate has consented to stand for election, and we do not anticipate that any candidate will be unavailable
to serve. If any candidate were to become unavailable before the election, the proxy committee could vote the
shares it represents for a substitute named by the Board. Each candidate has submitted an irrevocable, conditional
letter of resignation that our Board will consider if that candidate fails to receive a majority of the votes cast.
Biographical information for each Director nominee follows, including career highlights, the key skills and experience
that we believe each Director nominee brings to our Board, and other public board directorships. All of our nominees
bring more qualifications to the Board than those highlighted in their biographies, and these are reflected in the
aggregate Board composition statistics provided in the Proxy Summary.
When deciding to re‑nominate these Directors, the Corporate Governance and Policy Committee and the Board
considered each Director’s individual qualifications, as well as the aggregate of skills and experience represented on
the Board, in light of the Company’s strategy and expected future business needs.
The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of
the following Director candidates.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 3