Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Policy on hedging Company stock
Verizon believes that ownership of Verizon stock by the Company’s executives and members of the Board of Directors
promotes alignment of the interests of the Company’s leadership with those of its stockholders. Verizon recognizes that
transactions that are designed to hedge or offset declines in the market value of Verizon stock can disrupt this alignment,
because hedging transactions allow the holder to own Verizon stock without the full risks and rewards of ownership,
potentially separating the holder’s interests from those of other Verizon shareholders. Therefore, all employees receiving
equity‑based awards with respect to Verizon stock and members of the Verizon Board of Directors are prohibited from
engaging in any transaction involving Verizon stock that is designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of
Verizon stock beneficially owned by the employee or Director. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, buying and/or
writing puts and calls, prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds.
In addition, the Verizon Code of Conduct prohibits all employees from engaging in any transaction that permits them
to benefit from the devaluation of Verizon’s stock, bonds, or other securities, including engaging in short selling or
buying “put” options on Verizon stock.
Holding executives accountable – Verizon’s clawback policies
The Committee believes it is appropriate to hold senior executives accountable for misconduct that results in
significant reputational or financial harm to Verizon. Accordingly, the Committee has adopted the following policies:
• Senior executive clawback policy. Verizon has the right to cancel or “claw back” the cash- and equity‑based
incentive compensation of senior executives who engage in willful misconduct in the performance of their duties
that results in significant reputational or financial harm to Verizon.
• Long‑‑Term Plan clawback provisions. Annual equity grants under the Verizon Long‑Term Plan give the Company
the right to (i) require the recipient to forfeit or repay incentive‑based compensation (both short‑term and
long‑term) if Verizon is required to materially restate its financial results based on the individual’s willful
misconduct or gross negligence while employed by the Company (where such restatement would have resulted in
a lower payment being made to the individual) and (ii) enforce any right or obligation that Verizon may have
regarding the clawback of incentive‑based compensation under federal securities or other applicable laws.
• SEC clawback policy. In compliance with the final clawback rules adopted by the SEC and the listing standards of
the NYSE and Nasdaq (Clawback Rules), in 2023, the Company adopted an additional clawback policy that generally
provides for the mandatory recovery of erroneously awarded “incentive‑based compensation” (as defined in the
Clawback Rules) from current and former executive officers in the event that Verizon is required to prepare an
accounting restatement, in accordance with the Clawback Rules. A copy of this clawback policy is incorporated by
reference as an exhibit in Verizon’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
These policies do not limit any other rights or remedies Verizon may have in the circumstances, such as terminating
the executive or initiating other disciplinary procedures. Disclosure of any clawbacks will be made in accordance with
applicable law and listing requirements.
Shareholder approval of certain severance arrangements
The Committee has a policy of seeking shareholder approval or ratification of any new employment or severance
agreement with an executive officer that provides for a total cash value severance payment exceeding 2.99 times the
sum of the executive’s base salary plus Short‑Term Plan target opportunity. The policy defines severance pay broadly to
include payments for any consulting services, payments to secure a non‑compete agreement, payments to settle any
litigation or claim, payments to offset tax liabilities, payments or benefits that are not generally available to similarly
situated management employees and payments in excess of, or outside, the terms of a Verizon plan or policy.
Tax and accounting considerations
A publicly‑held company is generally prohibited from deducting compensation paid to a current or former named
executive officer that exceeds $1 million during the tax year. The Committee takes this deductibility limitation into
account in its consideration of compensation matters. However, the Committee has the flexibility to take any
compensation‑related actions that it determines are in the best interests of Verizon and our shareholders, including
awarding compensation that may not be deductible for tax purposes.
The Committee also considers the effect of certain accounting rules that apply to the various aspects of the
compensation program for our named executive officers. The Committee reviews potential accounting effects in
determining whether its compensation actions are in the best interests of Verizon and our shareholders.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 35