Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
The following table illustrates the actuarial present value as of December 31, 2024 of pension benefits accumulated by
Messrs. Malady and Silliman and Ms. Venkatesh, the only named executive officers who are eligible for pension benefits.
Pension benefits
Present value of
Number of years accumulated Payments during
Name Plan name credited service (#) benefit1 ($) last fiscal year ($)
(a) (b) (c) (d) (e)
Mr. Malady Verizon Wireless Retirement
Plan – Qualified 24 26,597 0
Ms. Venkatesh Verizon Management Pension
Plan – Qualified 24 68,564 0
Verizon Excess Pension
Plan – Nonqualified 20 5,096 0
Mr. Silliman MCI – Qualified 27 9,780 0
1 The values are based on the assumptions for the actuarial determination of pension benefits as required by the relevant accounting
standards as described in Note 11 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, as
included in Verizon’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10‑K. However, in accordance with the requirements for this table, the values are
calculated using the executive’s retirement at the earliest age at which they can retire without having the retirement benefit reduced
under the plan.
Defined contribution savings plans
The named executive officers are participants in the Company’s tax‑qualified defined contribution savings plan, the Verizon
Management Savings Plan, which is referred to as the Savings Plan, and its nonqualified defined contribution savings plan,
the Verizon Executive Deferral Plan, which is referred to as the Deferral Plan. The named executive officers who participate
in these plans are subject to the same terms as other participants in these plans.
Under the Savings Plan, executives may defer “eligible pay,” which includes base salary up to certain compensation limits
imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, and Verizon provides a matching contribution equal to 100% of the first 6% of
eligible pay deferred. The Deferral Plan is designed to restore benefits that are limited or cut back under the Savings Plan.
Accordingly, under the Deferral Plan, a participant may elect to defer his or her base pay and Short‑Term Plan award that
could not be deferred into the Savings Plan due to the Internal Revenue Code limits. Verizon provides the same matching
contribution on these deferred amounts as the participant would have received if such amounts had been permitted to be
deferred into the Savings Plan. Prior to 2018, participants were permitted to defer certain long‑term incentive awards under
the Deferral Plan (those deferrals were not eligible for Company match). Deferrals of long‑term incentive awards were no
longer permitted after 2017. Long‑term incentive awards deferred prior to 2018 remain subject to the terms of the award
and the applicable deferral election.
Participants in the Deferral Plan may elect to invest their deferrals in the hypothetical investment options available to all
participants under the Savings Plan or in a hypothetical cash account that earns a return rate equal to the long‑term,
high‑grade corporate bond yield average as published by Moody’s Investor Services. Under SEC rules, earnings on
balances invested in this option may be reportable as “above market” interest in the Summary Compensation table of the
proxy statement in any given year if the rate of interest exceeds 120% of the applicable federal long‑term rate at the time
the plan interest rate or formula was originally established. Participants in the Deferral Plan may generally elect to receive
their benefits in a lump sum or installments, commencing on a separation from service or specific date elected
by the participant.
Messrs. Skiadas and Malady also have an account balance under the Verizon Wireless Executive Savings Plan (ESP). The
ESP is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that was amended to freeze the accrual of benefits under the plan as of
the close of business on December 31, 2004. Participants in the ESP no longer accrue any additional benefits other than
market‑based investment earnings or losses on their individual accounts. No new deferrals were permitted after 2004.
Participants retain the ability to invest their frozen accounts in the investment options available under the ESP. Participants in
the ESP do not receive matching contribution credits or retirement credits under the plan.
The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below shows the 2024 account activity for each named executive officer
and includes each participating executive’s contributions, Company matching contributions, earnings, withdrawals and
distributions and the aggregate balance of his or her total deferral account as of December 31, 2024.
44 Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement