Proxy Executive Audit Stock Shareholder Additional
summary Governance compensation matters ownership proposals information
Governance
Item 1: Election of Directors
The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the
election of the Board’s nominees.
Item 1: Election of Directors
Our approach to Board composition
We believe that good governance starts with an independent, effective and diverse Board. Our Board is one of
Verizon’s most critical strategic assets. As such, the composition of the Board evolves along with our strategic needs
for the future. We believe we are more likely to achieve sustainable growth in shareholder value when our Board has
the right mix of skills, expertise and tenure, and can devote sufficient time to their duties as active and engaged
members of our Board.
The Corporate Governance and Policy Committee is strategic and purposeful in its approach to refreshment and
succession planning. The Committee considers the following key factors when nominating Directors:
• Skills and experience. Verizon’s strategy is to grow connections and the value of customer relationships at the
best return on invested capital and to provide our customers with best‑in‑class experiences while maintaining the
balanced capital allocation approach and financial discipline that our investors expect of us. In light of the
Company’s strategy and expected future business needs, the Committee has identified the skills and experience
listed below as important to be represented on the Board as a whole.
– Consumer/B2B/retail – Marketing and brand – Strategic planning
– Cybersecurity and data management – Technology
stewardship – Regulatory/public policy – Telecommunications
– Financial expertise – Risk management
The Committee recognizes that a diverse set of viewpoints and practical experiences enhances the effectiveness
of our Board in assessing the challenges and opportunities impacting our business and helping management
achieve better outcomes. In evaluating Director candidates, the Committee considers how a candidate’s particular
background, experience, qualifications, attributes and skills may complement, supplement or duplicate those of
other prospective candidates.
• Age and tenure. The Committee believes it is important to bring new perspectives and talents to the Board on a
regular basis. Verizon does not have term limits for Directors because the Board recognizes that Directors who
have served on the Board for an extended period can provide valuable insight into Verizon’s operations and future
based on their experience with, and understanding of, Verizon’s history, policies and objectives. As an alternative
to term limits, the Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of nine years or less for its independent Directors. In
addition, to encourage new viewpoints on the Board, the Board seeks to add at least one new Director every two
years on average. We have exceeded this goal by adding five new Directors since 2019. Under Verizon’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Director is expected to retire from the Board the day before the annual
meeting of shareholders that follows his or her 72nd birthday.
• Board size. The Committee periodically evaluates whether to change the size of the Board based on the Board’s
needs and the availability of qualified candidates.
• Board dynamics. The Committee considers each Director candidate’s individual contribution or potential contribution
to the Board as a whole and strives to maintain one hundred percent active and collaborative participation.
Verizon 2025 Proxy Statement 1