17. Manufacturing Costs – Manufacturing costs exclude the impacts of currency and represent the volume-
adjusted change for variable costs and the absolute dollar change for period manufacturing costs. Variable
manufacturing costs are defined as having a direct relationship with the volume of production. This includes
material costs, direct labor and other costs that vary directly with production volume, such as freight, power to
operate machines and supplies that are consumed in the manufacturing process. Period manufacturing costs
support production but are defined as generally not having a direct relationship to short-term changes in
volume. Examples include machinery and equipment repair, depreciation on manufacturing assets, facility
support, procurement, factory scheduling, manufacturing planning and operations management.
18. Mark-to-market gains/losses – Represents the net gain or loss of actual results differing from the company’s
assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions for our defined benefit pension and OPEB plans. These
gains and losses are immediately recognized through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth
quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
19. Pension and Other Postemployment Benefits (OPEB) – The company’s defined-benefit pension and
postretirement benefit plans.
20. Price Realization – The impact of net price changes excluding currency and new product introductions. Price
realization includes geographic mix of sales, which is the impact of changes in the relative weighting of sales
prices between geographic regions.
21. Resource Industries – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in mining,
heavy construction and quarry and aggregates. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design,
product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
portfolio includes large track-type tractors; large mining trucks; hard rock vehicles; electric rope shovels;
draglines; hydraulic shovels; rotary drills; large wheel loaders; off-highway trucks; articulated trucks; wheel
tractor scrapers; wheel dozers; landfill compactors; soil compactors; wide-body trucks; select work tools;
machinery components; electronics and control systems and related parts. In addition to equipment, Resource
Industries also develops and sells technology products and services to provide customers fleet management,
equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services and mining performance
solutions. Resource Industries also manages areas that provide services to other parts of the company,
including strategic procurement, lean center of excellence, integrated manufacturing, research and
development for hydraulic systems, automation, electronics and software for Caterpillar machines and engines.
22. Restructuring income/costs – May include costs for employee separation, long-lived asset impairments,
contract terminations and (gains)/losses on divestitures. These costs are included in Other operating (income)
expenses except for defined-benefit plan curtailment losses and special termination benefits, which are
included in Other income (expense). Restructuring costs also include other exit-related costs, which may
consist of accelerated depreciation, inventory write-downs, building demolition, equipment relocation and
project management costs and LIFO inventory decrement benefits from inventory liquidations at closed
facilities, all of which are primarily included in Cost of goods sold.
23. Sales Volume – With respect to sales and revenues, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the
quantities sold for Machinery, Energy & Transportation as well as the incremental sales impact of new product