Caterpillar Inc.
Glossary of Terms
As of August 5, 2025
1. Adjusted Operating Profit Margin – Operating profit excluding restructuring income/costs as a percent of
sales and revenues.
2. Adjusted Profit Per Share – Profit per share excluding restructuring income/costs.
3. All Other Segment – Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and
development; manufacturing and sourcing of wear and maintenance components primarily for Cat® products;
parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and
administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most
efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy;
and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art
digital technologies while transforming the buying experience.
4. Consolidating Adjustments – Elimination of transactions between Machinery, Energy & Transportation and
Financial Products.
5. Construction Industries – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in
infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design,
product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; cold planers; compactors; compact track loaders; forestry
machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; track-
type loaders; track-type tractors (small, medium); track excavators (mini, small, medium, large); wheel
excavators; wheel loaders (compact, small, medium); and related parts and work tools.
6. Corporate Items and Eliminations – Includes corporate-level expenses, timing differences (as some
expenses are reported in segment profit on a cash basis), methodology differences between segment and
consolidated external reporting, certain restructuring costs and inter-segment eliminations.
7. Currency – With respect to sales and revenues, currency represents the translation impact on sales resulting
from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. With respect to operating profit,
currency represents the net translation impact on sales and operating costs resulting from changes in foreign
currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. Currency only includes the impact on sales and operating profit
for the Machinery, Energy & Transportation line of business; currency impacts on Financial Products revenues
and operating profit are included in the Financial Products portions of the respective analyses. With respect to
other income/expense, currency represents the effects of forward and option contracts entered into by the
company to reduce the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates (hedging) and the net effect of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates on our foreign currency assets and liabilities for consolidated results (translation).
8. Dealer Inventories – Represents dealer machine and engine inventories, excluding aftermarket parts.
9. EAME – A geographic region including Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Eurasia.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

10. Earning Assets – Assets consisting primarily of total finance receivables net of unearned income, plus
equipment on operating leases net of accumulated depreciation at Cat Financial.
11. Energy & Transportation – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using reciprocating
engines, turbines, diesel-electric locomotives and related services across industries serving Oil and Gas, Power
Generation, Industrial and Transportation applications, including marine- and rail-related businesses as well as
product support of on-highway engines. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product
management, development and testing, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
and services portfolio includes turbines, centrifugal gas compressors, and turbine-related services;
reciprocating engine-powered generator sets; integrated systems and solutions used in the electric power
generation industry; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions for the marine and
oil and gas industries; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions supplied to the
industrial industry as well as Caterpillar machines; electrified powertrain and zero-emission power sources and
service solutions development; and diesel-electric and hybrid locomotives and components and other rail-
related products and services, including remanufacturing and leasing. Responsibilities also include the
remanufacturing of Caterpillar reciprocating engines and components and remanufacturing services for other
companies.
12. Financial Products – The company defines Financial Products as our finance and insurance subsidiaries,
primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc.
(Insurance Services). Financial Products’ information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the
purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
13. Financial Products Segment – Provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for
Caterpillar products and services, as well as financing for power generation facilities that, in most cases,
incorporate Caterpillar products. Financing plans include operating and finance leases, revolving charge
accounts, installment sale contracts, repair/rebuild financing, working capital loans and wholesale financing
plans. The segment also provides insurance and risk management products and services that help customers
and dealers manage their business risk. Insurance and risk management products offered include physical
damage insurance, inventory protection plans, extended service coverage and maintenance plans for machines
and engines, and dealer property and casualty insurance. The various forms of financing, insurance and risk
management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of Caterpillar
equipment. The segment also earns revenues from Machinery, Energy & Transportation, but the related costs
are not allocated to operating segments. Financial Products’ segment profit is determined on a pretax basis and
includes other income/expense items.
14. Latin America – A geographic region including Central and South American countries and Mexico.
15. Machinery, Energy & Transportation (ME&T) – The company defines ME&T as Caterpillar Inc. and its
subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME&T’s information relates to the design, manufacturing and
marketing of its products.
16. Machinery, Energy & Transportation Other Operating (Income) Expenses – Comprised primarily of
gains/losses on disposal of long-lived assets, gains/losses on divestitures and legal settlements and accruals.

=== PAGE BREAK ===

17. Manufacturing Costs – Manufacturing costs exclude the impacts of currency and represent the volume-
adjusted change for variable costs and the absolute dollar change for period manufacturing costs. Variable
manufacturing costs are defined as having a direct relationship with the volume of production. This includes
material costs, direct labor and other costs that vary directly with production volume, such as freight, power to
operate machines and supplies that are consumed in the manufacturing process. Period manufacturing costs
support production but are defined as generally not having a direct relationship to short-term changes in
volume. Examples include machinery and equipment repair, depreciation on manufacturing assets, facility
support, procurement, factory scheduling, manufacturing planning and operations management.
18. Mark-to-market gains/losses – Represents the net gain or loss of actual results differing from the company’s
assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions for our defined benefit pension and OPEB plans. These
gains and losses are immediately recognized through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth
quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
19. Pension and Other Postemployment Benefits (OPEB) – The company’s defined-benefit pension and
postretirement benefit plans.
20. Price Realization – The impact of net price changes excluding currency and new product introductions. Price
realization includes geographic mix of sales, which is the impact of changes in the relative weighting of sales
prices between geographic regions.
21. Resource Industries – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in mining,
heavy construction and quarry and aggregates. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design,
product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
portfolio includes large track-type tractors; large mining trucks; hard rock vehicles; electric rope shovels;
draglines; hydraulic shovels; rotary drills; large wheel loaders; off-highway trucks; articulated trucks; wheel
tractor scrapers; wheel dozers; landfill compactors; soil compactors; wide-body trucks; select work tools;
machinery components; electronics and control systems and related parts. In addition to equipment, Resource
Industries also develops and sells technology products and services to provide customers fleet management,
equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services and mining performance
solutions. Resource Industries also manages areas that provide services to other parts of the company,
including strategic procurement, lean center of excellence, integrated manufacturing, research and
development for hydraulic systems, automation, electronics and software for Caterpillar machines and engines.
22. Restructuring income/costs – May include costs for employee separation, long-lived asset impairments,
contract terminations and (gains)/losses on divestitures. These costs are included in Other operating (income)
expenses except for defined-benefit plan curtailment losses and special termination benefits, which are
included in Other income (expense). Restructuring costs also include other exit-related costs, which may
consist of accelerated depreciation, inventory write-downs, building demolition, equipment relocation and
project management costs and LIFO inventory decrement benefits from inventory liquidations at closed
facilities, all of which are primarily included in Cost of goods sold.
23. Sales Volume – With respect to sales and revenues, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the
quantities sold for Machinery, Energy & Transportation as well as the incremental sales impact of new product

=== PAGE BREAK ===

introductions, including emissions-related product updates. With respect to operating profit, sales volume
represents the impact of changes in the quantities sold for Machinery, Energy & Transportation combined with
product mix as well as the net operating profit impact of new product introductions, including emissions-related
product updates. Product mix represents the net operating profit impact of changes in the relative weighting of
Machinery, Energy & Transportation sales with respect to total sales. The impact of sales volume on segment
profit includes inter-segment sales.
24. Services – Machinery, Energy & Transportation services revenues include, but are not limited to, aftermarket
parts and other service-related revenues and exclude most Financial Products revenues, discontinued products
and captive dealer services.