10. Earning Assets – Assets consisting primarily of total finance receivables net of unearned income, plus
equipment on operating leases net of accumulated depreciation at Cat Financial.
11. Energy & Transportation – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using reciprocating
engines, turbines, diesel-electric locomotives and related services across industries serving Oil and Gas, Power
Generation, Industrial and Transportation applications, including marine- and rail-related businesses as well as
product support of on-highway engines. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product
management, development and testing, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
and services portfolio includes turbines, centrifugal gas compressors, and turbine-related services;
reciprocating engine-powered generator sets; integrated systems and solutions used in the electric power
generation industry; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions for the marine and
oil and gas industries; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions supplied to the
industrial industry as well as Caterpillar machines; electrified powertrain and zero-emission power sources and
service solutions development; and diesel-electric and hybrid locomotives and components and other rail-
related products and services, including remanufacturing and leasing. Responsibilities also include the
remanufacturing of Caterpillar reciprocating engines and components and remanufacturing services for other
companies.
12. Financial Products – The company defines Financial Products as our finance and insurance subsidiaries,
primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc.
(Insurance Services). Financial Products’ information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the
purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
13. Financial Products Segment – Provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for
Caterpillar products and services, as well as financing for power generation facilities that, in most cases,
incorporate Caterpillar products. Financing plans include operating and finance leases, revolving charge
accounts, installment sale contracts, repair/rebuild financing, working capital loans and wholesale financing
plans. The segment also provides insurance and risk management products and services that help customers
and dealers manage their business risk. Insurance and risk management products offered include physical
damage insurance, inventory protection plans, extended service coverage and maintenance plans for machines
and engines, and dealer property and casualty insurance. The various forms of financing, insurance and risk
management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of Caterpillar
equipment. The segment also earns revenues from Machinery, Energy & Transportation, but the related costs
are not allocated to operating segments. Financial Products’ segment profit is determined on a pretax basis and
includes other income/expense items.
14. Latin America – A geographic region including Central and South American countries and Mexico.
15. Machinery, Energy & Transportation (ME&T) – The company defines ME&T as Caterpillar Inc. and its
subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME&T’s information relates to the design, manufacturing and
marketing of its products.
16. Machinery, Energy & Transportation Other Operating (Income) Expenses – Comprised primarily of
gains/losses on disposal of long-lived assets, gains/losses on divestitures and legal settlements and accruals.