Caterpillar Inc.
Glossary of Terms
As of August 5, 2025
1. Adjusted Operating Profit Margin – Operating profit excluding restructuring income/costs as a percent of
sales and revenues.
2. Adjusted Profit Per Share – Profit per share excluding restructuring income/costs.
3. All Other Segment – Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and
development; manufacturing and sourcing of wear and maintenance components primarily for Cat® products;
parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and
administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most
efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy;
and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art
digital technologies while transforming the buying experience.
4. Consolidating Adjustments – Elimination of transactions between Machinery, Energy & Transportation and
Financial Products.
5. Construction Industries – A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in
infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design,
product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product
portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; cold planers; compactors; compact track loaders; forestry
machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; track-
type loaders; track-type tractors (small, medium); track excavators (mini, small, medium, large); wheel
excavators; wheel loaders (compact, small, medium); and related parts and work tools.
6. Corporate Items and Eliminations – Includes corporate-level expenses, timing differences (as some
expenses are reported in segment profit on a cash basis), methodology differences between segment and
consolidated external reporting, certain restructuring costs and inter-segment eliminations.
7. Currency – With respect to sales and revenues, currency represents the translation impact on sales resulting
from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. With respect to operating profit,
currency represents the net translation impact on sales and operating costs resulting from changes in foreign
currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. Currency only includes the impact on sales and operating profit
for the Machinery, Energy & Transportation line of business; currency impacts on Financial Products revenues
and operating profit are included in the Financial Products portions of the respective analyses. With respect to
other income/expense, currency represents the effects of forward and option contracts entered into by the
company to reduce the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates (hedging) and the net effect of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates on our foreign currency assets and liabilities for consolidated results (translation).
8. Dealer Inventories – Represents dealer machine and engine inventories, excluding aftermarket parts.
9. EAME – A geographic region including Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Eurasia.